About the job
For one of our clients in the pharma industry, we’re looking for a freelance Frontend Developer:

Project Description

Crystal is an analytics software product for clinical trial operation that visualizes complex operational clinical trial data. It provides transparency and monitoring into our clinical trial performance.

With Crystal We

oversee project and trial planning and actual conduct in real-time,
accelerate understanding of progress and risk,
gain agility in collaboration and speed up decisions,
take well informed actions based on insights and predictions to prevent issues,
see opportunities to speed up and prevent delays.
Crystal is developed using Agile methodology, a blend of scrum and Kanban.

Background to the assignment

The product aims to visualize complex data stories in compelling ways, utilizing data visualization and data storytelling best practices in graphs, charts, infographics, dashboards, and geographic visualization techniques.

As the product team does not have these skills internally, we seek to have the tasks completed by an external consultant (freelancer). The freelancer will hold a unique position within the development teams.

All tasks and results will be documented in Jira/Confluence.

Tasks

Create JavaScript based user interfaces and data visualizations based on designs and prototypes provided by UX Design.
Build reusable code and libraries for future use
Review the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs
Optimize Crystal application for maximum speed and scalability
Utilize git for version control and perform code reviews along with paired programming for creating robust code with low tech debt.
Update docker images to facilitate the CI/CD enabled git repository and a Jenkins workflow with a Jenkins file.
Create automated testing to include unit as well as functional testing.

Skills

Strong understanding of JavaScript, its quirks, and workarounds
Basic understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3
Good understanding of AngularJS, ReactJS and importantly D3.JS
Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX
Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues
Familiarity with JavaScript module loaders, such as Require.js and AMD
Familiarity with front-end build tools
Good understanding of browser rendering behavior and performance
Fluent in English in writing and speaking

Project start: ASAP

Project location: Remote (occasional onsite visits for workshops and team meetings)

Project duration: 3+ months