About the job
Job Title-Front end Developer
Location – Columbus/New york
Work type- hybrid on W2
Job type- C2H (6 months)
Client- JPMC

Responsibilities:
Code, design, and testing in a heterogeneous technology environment.
Strong understanding of the overall software delivery lifecycle (SDLC) and activities.
Enacting agile development values and practices.
Enable close cooperation across all roles and functions.
Promote and participate in the continuous improvement of structure, processes, and tools to enable the teams to deliver more value.
Identify opportunities for process and tool improvements and drive those from concept to implementation.
Engineer a world-class platform with an eye towards rapid iteration and creative problem solving.
Ensure quality and completeness of the product through the unit, component, integration, and end-to-end testing.
Adhere to architecture standards, risk management, and security policies.
Contribute and collaborate in the creation and consumption of open, standards-based solutions, while working with existing enterprise technologies and infrastructure.
Requirements:
Strong customer focus.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Strong hands-on coding experience.
Expertise in React, JavaScript, TypeScript, and other web technologies for implementing web applications.
Experience in unit, component, integration, and end-to-end testing, including libraries like Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress, Selenium, etc.
Knowledge of CSS
Experience in page optimization (performance), understanding of performance consideration for React applications
Desirable:
Knowledge of APIs
Knowledge and experience with building pipelines, such as Jenkins, etc.
Knowledge and experience with Cloud technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, GKP, AWS, etc.
Good understanding of Material UI, Chakra UI, or similar component libraries.
Experience with SSR (Server-Side Rendering) and SSG (Server-Side Generation) preferably using Next.js.
Qualifications:
5+ years of work experience building and modern shipping applications
Strong experience developing web applications
Strong experience with HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript.
Knowledge and demonstration of computer science fundamentals
BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field