About the job
Job Description

The Web Software Developer position will be a member of the Web Services Team tasked with delivering cutting edge solutions across the company from within Kodak’s Worldwide Information Systems group.

We call Kodak.com home, but we don’t stop there. Public sites, private sites, portals, e-commerce, the corporate intranet, and other employee and customer facing applications are all examples of channels we design, develop, and maintain with a mix of cloud, on-site, and hybrid implementations.

Working with the team, the position is responsible for requirements gathering, designing, developing, documenting, testing, and deploying web sites and applications for internal and external use.

Kodak offers a unique opportunity to contribute to an iconic global company. We combine the strength of a brand that is recognized and beloved around the world with the excitement and entrepreneurial spirit of a start-up. We are focused on the future and looking for professionals with energy, ideas and ambition to help us take the next steps in our transformation. We’re building a culture which values creativity in all its forms, having a global perspective, a focus on sustainability, and the trust we’ve earned over decades of building strong relationships.

Required Skills/Experience
Minimum of a Bachelor's Degree in a relevant field (Computer Science, Information Technology, Software Development, New Media, etc)
Experience troubleshooting and resolving issues surrounding system performance, response times, and capacity.
Experience with implementing and managing Apache, IIS, or other web servers.
Experience with Microsoft Azure Cloud or similar.
Experience with databases and SQL.
Experience and working knowledge of HTML, SCSS, and JavaScript. You should be able to code by hand.
Experience with APIs, web services, and response processing (JSON for example) for application integrations.
Experience with frameworks like VUE.js and Node.js
Experience with Web Content Management Systems like Craft, WordPress, etc.
Experience developing responsive designs using grid systems, media queries, user agents, etc.
Experience with source code management tools. We use GitHub.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Self-motivated and highly organized, accountable, and focused.
Committed to seeing projects through from start to finish and takes ownership of troubleshooting and solving issues.
Able to collaborate and clearly communicate with other developers. Projects will include a mix of both individual and group deliverables.
Strong understanding of the user journey and how technology can be used to achieve business objectives in clear and concise ways to serve the customer/user.
Desired Skills/Experience
Experience with Java development a plus
Experience developing mobile applications for Android or iOS is a plus.
Experience with enterprise level systems like Digital Asset Management tools, SAP, and SalesForce is a plus.