About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Walkwater Technologies, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

ROLE – Front End Web Developer

LOCATION – Remote

RATE – We can pay on C2C or 1099

Main Skills –

Building Web Services (Web UI)
Front End Framework Vue.js
Python
Typescript
JavaScript, HTML, CSS
REST/JSon Experience

Fronte nd Web Developer - Machine Learning Developer Tools

Job Summary

Come join Apple’s Video Computer Vision Science Team to build web tools for our machine learning developers! You will develop tools to benchmark machine learning models (i.e., how fast / accurate is the model), and enable machine learning experts to achieve more (e.g., a more effective workflow to build a model). Help us continue to make internal products that blend ease of use, powerful feature sets, and an unsurpassed attention to detail. The primary goal is to d evelop and maintain user friendly web services. Machine learning knowledge is a big plus but NOT required. This position focuses on frontend, but backend experience will be helpful, and full-stack web developers are SUPER welcome!

Key Qualifications

Proven expertise of build user friendly web services
Expertise with front-end frameworks such as Vue (preferred), React, Angular
Experience with web-stack development in a Linux environment; Preferred language: Python or JavaScript (TypeScript)
Experience with web service technologies such as REST, JSON
Create design patterns in Web UI that are reusable, cross-browser compatible, and responsive.
Quickly identify and solve issues in production system.

(Good to have)

Experience with back-end frameworks (e.g., FastAPI, Express)
Experience with building web API (easily work together with backend web developer)
Basic machine learning knowledge
Able to learn new software, pipeline, and procedures quickly
Experience to develop tools that support production
Excellent teamwork, verbal and written communication skills
- provided by Dice