About the job
Starling engineers love building things, creating new stuff, learning new technologies and working with others across all areas of the business to bring brilliant products and features to life. We enjoy working with engineers who are excited about helping us deliver new features, regardless of what their primary tech stack may be. Hear from our engineers in our latest blogs or our case studies with Women in Tech.



Our mobile engineers work in cross-functional feature teams arranged across broader engineering groups. You are empowered to make the decisions necessary for the platform and to provide insight to the team leads on such projects. You'll also be working closely with other mobile engineers with a variety of experience levels and interests. Expect to be committing, reviewing and shipping new code right from the first week! 🎉






Requirements:

As a fully digital bank, we are looking for engineers that are able to understand and prioritise security when implementing new features, fixing bugs or making technical improvements, across all the layers. Our team is designing, building and releasing new screens every day, for this reason we are interested in people with a particular focus on Accessibility along with writing clean and maintainable code.


The way to thrive and shine within Starling is to be a self-driven individual and be able to take full ownership of everything around you: From building the code, shipping and maintaining it, to sharing knowledge with your colleagues and making sure all processes are efficient and productive to deliver the best possible results for our customers.


Our application is in the top chart of finance apps in the UK, with over 300K ratings and an average rating of 4.9. We also won the Best British Banking App award in 2021!


Our iOS application is entirely written in Swift. It is highly modular and we use MVVM-C architecture to maximise code reusability and testing. We also value simplicity over complexity, fewer moving parts means fewer faults and easier comprehension.


Some of the well known frameworks and tools we use:


RxSwift - as our reactive programming framework;
SnapKit - as our auto layout DSL, though we have an in-house framework built on top of SnapKit which allows us to write declarative, SwiftUI like layout code for UIKit.
Realm - as the application main persistence layer;
Sourcery and SwiftGen - for various code generation tasks.
SwiftFormat, SwiftLint and Danger - to enforce high code quality standards.
Etc.

We also built in-house tools and frameworks as developer productivity and automation is paramount to us.


We are looking for iOS engineers to work on these apps who:


Want to work on a feature rich mobile app with millions of customers;
Can produce robust, well tested code that will give our customers the reliability that they need;
Care about the product, the user experience and the design;
Think (like us) that a small number of empowered developers is the right way to deliver software;
Our application is built with UIKit, knowing its concepts and components is a must.
We use RxSwift in our project, experience with reactive programming will be a plus but is not required.

Benefits:

Starling technology works in a hybrid pattern both from home and one of our three offices. We're open to applications from across the UK including fully remote, if you're hybrid our preference is that you're located within a commutable distance to either our London, Southampton or Cardiff office, so that we're able to see each other and collaborate in person too.






Benefits:


25 days holiday (plus public holidays)
An extra day's holiday for your birthday, taken a week on either side of the day
16 hours paid volunteering time a year
Part-time and/or flexible hours available for most roles
Hybrid/remote working
Private Medical Insurance with VitalityHealth including mental health support and cancer care. Partner benefits include discounts with Waitrose, Mr&Mrs Smith and Peloton
Generous family-friendly policies
Enhanced sick pay
Contributory pension scheme
Varied social groups set up and run by our employees
Perkbox membership giving access to retail discounts, a cashback scheme, a wellness platform for physical and mental health, a birthday box and weekly free coffee
Access to ‘salary sacrifice' benefits such as Cycle to Work scheme

Full details are available on our careers site






About Us:


Starling is a leading digital bank on a mission to disrupt the banking industry.


Since our launch in 2014, we've surpassed 2 million accounts, including over 350,000 business accounts. Our total deposits, meanwhile, have topped £5 billion and we have lent over £2bn over the same period. We're a fully licensed UK bank, and we have the culture and spirit of a fast-moving, disruptive technology company. We've won the Best British Bank award four years running, and now employ over 1500 people across our London, Southampton, Cardiff & Dublin offices.


Starling Bank is an equal opportunity employer, and we're proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity & inclusion in the workplace. Individuals seeking employment at Starling Bank are considered without regard to race, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.


By submitting your application, you agree that Starling Bank may collect your personal data for recruiting and related purposes. Our Privacy Notice explains what personal information we may process, where we may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over our use of your personal information.