About the job
Middle/Senior-Level Android Developer

Are you passionate about developing great Android applications for top-notch companies around the globe? Then your opportunity has arrived!

WebCreek is looking for a Middle/Senior-Level Android Developer with more than four years of experience. This role is a 100% remote position in Europe to work in the UK time zone.

What You'll Do
Collaborate with the development team to build high-quality code, following and contributing to key processes like code reviews.
Provide technical leadership, driving and performing best engineering practices to initiate, plan, and execute critical programs.
Make decisions in solution architecture.
Identify imperfections and suggest improvements in the app.
Help the team troubleshoot if needed.

What You Have
4+ years of experience with Android Development.
Participated in commercial Android app development.
Understand the Android app distribution process (Google Play Store).
High English Proficiency (B2 - C2).
Passionate about solving new problems.

What You'll Gain
Full-time, remote position in a quickly growing company.
Competitive salary with regular revisions.
Many excellent programs and benefits.
In-house IT and English training and certifications.
Flexible work environment.
International team with opportunities to work abroad.

Who We Are
WebCreek is a provider of world-class software development teams and technical staff augmentation. We serve many Fortune 500 companies and other leading organizations. We have operations in ten countries and over 25 years of experience delivering top-notch digital solutions to the companies that power our world.

WebCreek is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics.

Find out more about our job opportunities: https://www.webcreek.com/en/careers/.


Industry: Software Development, Computer Software, Information Technology, Technology

Job Segment: Android Developer, Mobile Developer, Mobile