About the job
Description

Citymapper makes cities usable, helping people move through urban spaces, getting people from A to B.

We’re looking for an engineer who wants to solve real world problems for real world people by making our products better. We want you to shape our routing algorithms, scale our infrastructure, add features, work with data from transit agencies, work with data from our users, refine our payment systems, and so much more.

This role covers a huge array of problem spaces, and there’s room to dip your toes in all of them or dive deep into just one or two.

Some Of The Things You’ll Be Working On
improve our routing across all our cities for everything from walking to trains to electric scooters
work on low level routing algorithms
implement backend systems powering the Citymapper app
integrate new transport modes and new ways of getting about our cities
train machine learning models based on user behaviour
create experiences that delight your friends when they come and visit your city
In The Course Of Doing These Things, You Will
write Python 3 code and tests
deploy and support your code on AWS
support and be supported by an incredibly welcoming team
work side-by-side with talented software engineers, product designers, data scientists, and customer support operatives on a day-to-day basis
learn about new technologies
teach us how to be better
Requirements

Ultimately we don’t have hard requirements beyond needing you to be smart, curious about public transport and the mobility industry and keen to get stuck in. However we are looking for candidates with some professional software engineering experience.

Our office is in London - however we are a hybrid company and accept anyone living in the UK as parts of the team work remotely already.

Our stack
Tech: mostly Python 3, C++, AWS EC2, Lambda and RDS; JavaScript and React for internal tooling.
Tooling: GitHub, AWS, SQL, Linux
Best practices: code reviews, tests, CI
Benefits

We’re a genuinely hybrid company. Our employees have the choice of working from our headquarters near Liverpool Street in London, or from home (within the UK) - or a bit of both! If you're based outside of the UK we're also able to consider UK visa sponsorship for international candidates wanting to relocate to the UK.
Competitive pay & meaningful equity / stock options
25 days' annual leave plus bank holidays
Generous Family Leave policies for if/when you start a family
Services to support your mental wellbeing
Cycle to work scheme
Pension scheme (we pay in, you pay in)
Conferences
Drinks and social events throughout the year
Citymapper swag
We believe that diverse teams are the best teams and we're proud to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome and will consider all applications regardless of age, disability, gender re-assignment, marriage, pregnancy, maternity, race or nationality, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation (and any other status protected by applicable law).