About the job
About komoot
Komoot is an app that lets you find, plan, and share adventures. Driven by a desire to explore and powered by the outdoor community’s recommendations, it’s komoot’s mission to inspire great adventures, making them accessible to all. And we’re good at what we do: Google and Apple have numerous times listed us as one of their Apps of the Year!
Today, with over 30 million users and 360,000 five-star reviews, komoot is well on its way to becoming the most popular app for finding, planning, and sharing adventures worldwide.

Join our fully remote team and change the way people explore!

About the role
We’re looking for an outstanding engineer to play a key role in scaling our testing process by automating our manual test suite and enabling our development teams to release faster with confidence. You’ll also have a strong QA mindset with a clear understanding of which user flows are critical for the product. If you have a passion for building and running UI test frameworks and think you have the skills to do a great job, we’d love to hear from you.
Ready for your next adventure?

What you will do
Build and run a UI test framework to speed up the delivery of our Android app with confidence
Write high-performing automated UI tests for our Android app, and integrate them into our release flows
Establish automated testing practices and coach developers and QA team members to extend their testing skills
Advocate for testing and software quality practices in our product
Monitor test coverage and other important QA metrics

Why you will love it
You’ll team up with Pedro, Ion, Steven, and Willem to define and scale QA processes, enabling exceptional-quality feature delivery in fast development cycles
You’ll take ownership of quality from day one, moving things forward, shaping the processes, and choosing the tools you need to do your best work
You’ll work on a truly inspiring product that brings real-life value to our users and empowers them to explore more of the great outdoors
Your expert knowledge will make you a key player in a highly motivated and talented team. You’ll feel challenged to learn and excel in your domain continuously
You’ll improve a product that we’re pretty sure you’ll end up using for your outdoor adventures
This is a remote role in a fully remote team. You are free to work from anywhere that lies between the time zones UTC-1 and UTC+3. A beach, the mountains, or a co-working space (covered by us)...
You’ll travel with us (when covid restrictions allow) for team gatherings in amazing locations several times a year. You can check out this playlist to find out more about how we stay close while being remote. (http://bit.ly/39xtIrn)

You will be successful in this position if you
Believe fast and stable automated UI tests are an important pillar for building a highly successful mobile app
Have 2+ years of experience writing automated tests for Android
Are an expert using Espresso and Kotlin
Feel comfortable making changes in an Android app codebase to enable it for UI testability
Are familiar with modern software engineering best practices such as pull requests, unit testing and continuous delivery
Love to learn about new technologies like testing Jetpack Compose UI (Android)
Love to understand every detail of a product and its impact on our users
Possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills and no ego – we’re a team and have always achieved incredible results together

Some of our Perks
38 days of vacation (incl. public holidays)
Dedicated time and budget to spend on your professional development: classes, conferences, books – your choice!
Discounts from leading outdoor and cycling brands
Flexible working hours and ability to work from anywhere in Europe
Three whole-company gatherings per year in beautiful locations
Optional “togetherness” trips with your team
Costs covered for your co-working space membership or your work from home office
The latest devices and equipment to do your best work

Curious to find out more?
More about our team and our values here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs
More about how we work here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs-process#how-we-work
More about our recruitment process and FAQs here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs-process

At komoot we want to make great adventures accessible to everyone.
We support diversity and inclusivity within the outdoors and welcome all prospective applicants. We have a rolling recruitment process. If this role is online, it means it’s still open. We’re accepting applications and actively looking for the perfect candidate. Is it you?
Apply for this job