About the job
Company Description

Rock and Art – Cultural Outreach UK offers an unorthodox perspective on pop culture and societal issues by an alluring team of divergent creators. Our motley crew of writers, editors, and media developers seek to cover relevant issues and stories through a positionality of authenticity and inclusivity.

Our community of diverse voices offers a refreshing queer feminist perspective to the uneasy truths of life in an exclusionary world.

We propose a conceptual approach that triggers critical thinking and generates debates. It impels social change.

We value culture, enjoy it, analyse and discuss it.

We recognise the intrinsic linkage between pop culture and other social phenomena and stay attentive to it.

We are curious, unapologetic, and loud.

Rock and Art explores topics and engages in analysis often vacant from other media outlets, maintaining feminism and LGBTQ+ identities at the forefront.

We started as a small digital media company based in Argentina. At this stage in our development, we aspire to deliver our message and content to a UK audience. As a growing company, we are joining forces with a variety of local and expert communicators to extend our approach and perspectives.

We are thrilled to share this new chapter with you.

Job Description

Compile and analyze data, processes, and codes to troubleshoot problems and identify areas for improvement.
Collaborating with the front-end developers and other team members to establish objectives and design more functional, cohesive codes to enhance the user experience.
Developing ideas for new programs, products, or features by monitoring industry developments and trends.
Recording data and reporting it to proper parties, such as clients or leadership.
Participating in continuing education and training to remain current on best practices, learn new programming languages, and better assist other team members.
Taking lead on projects, as needed.
Qualifications

Fluency or understanding of specific languages, such as Java, PHP, or Python, and operating systems may be required.
Strong understanding of the web development cycle and programming techniques and tools.
Focus on efficiency, user experience, and process improvement.
Excellent project and time management skills.
Strong problem solving and verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work independently or with a group.
Willingness to sit at desk for extended periods.

Additional Information

THIS IS A VOLUNTEER AND UNPAID ROLE.