About the job
The role is:

Location: London
Hybrid working solution (2 days in office / week)

What’s it all about?
The Derivatives Transaction Pricing team is responsible for cross-product transactional pricing of derivatives within the bank. The development team is driven to provide world class technology to support the bank’s Financial Markets business. We bring a deep understanding of the domain, a scientific approach, and innovative solutions to bear on the challenges of best servicing our customers in a highly competitive environment. This is a rare opportunity to join an organization working with smart technologists globally in the financial markets domain. The culture in the team is open, intellectual, and fun. Learning opportunities are plentiful.


What we expect of you, day to day.
As a senior contract developer, you will be expected to hit the ground running delivering quality solutions to business-critical customer requirements. Based in London, you will collaborate in a dynamic global team with fellow technologists, business analysts, project managers and business stakeholders across multiple locations.



What we’re after…
An excellent Java developer with good software design principles and the ability to write robust code and accompanying test suites.
Ability to write efficient, clear code and be able to articulate what has been implemented and why.
Self-starter who can drive/facilitate requirements and development effort
Take ownership and responsibility for the full development lifecycle
Experience working in an agile development environment
A team player, capable of engaging with other teams
Experience in the end-to-end design, development, and support of financial markets systems
Experience with real-time (event-driven) architectures
Provide second line support
Domain knowledge in derivatives e-trading is a plus
Some UI Development experience
Being a full stack developer is a plus
5+ years hands on development with investment banking IT experience
Core Java (essential), Concurrency, Spring
Familiarity with CI/CD and DevOps
Experience in micro-services and container technologies (preferably OpenShift or Docker)
RX Java is a plus
Kafka Experience is a plus
Experience with distributed data stores particularly Cassandra is a plus
Functional programming experience a plus
Any UI Development experience is a strong plus preferably Core JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, React, npm/yarn and webpack.
Financial Market domain knowledge
Investment banking is a strong plus
Derivatives business is a plus
Preferable Domain Knowledge any of Rates, FXO and e-trading
Fluent in English (speaking and writing)
Strong ownership and ability to deal with ambiguity
Outstanding problem-solving skills
Proactive, self-starter, autonomous
Good team spirit