About the job
Senior Back-end Engineer - Python, AWS, Terraform, ML, API's

Velocity Tech is partnered with one of the largest insurance providers in the world! This company pretty much provides niche insurance for some of the largest corporations on the planet

They are big believers in using the right tool for the job, focusing on outcomes over output. We're taking our first steps towards an MVP, but here's a snapshot of our foundations:

They use Python as both our primary product language and for our Machine Learning models.
Our Machine Learning models utilise AWS SageMaker to train and deploy.
Our Python APIs are built with FastAPI, containerised, and deployed to AWS ECS.
Terraform manages our AWS infrastructure, ensuring consistency.
Foundational Functional programming paradigms and types are employed to provide more meaningful, typed, and safe code. But we’re not writing Haskell or OCaml here.
Our front-end consists of a statically deployed Typescript-based React application, emphasising hooks and functional components.
The front-end is built with Vite and served by AWS CloudFront (via AWS S3).
They use TailwindCSS, HeadlessUI, ****and PostCSS to build User-delighting experiences rapidly.
Cypress and Storybook help provide consistency through Design Systems and business requirements.
Buildkite ensures we can move quickly, only building and deploying what’s changed.

You'll ideally
Operate with a DevSecOps mindset, putting security, reliability, and observability at the forefront.
Have experience with Python and FastAPI, or similar.
Be familiar with the benefits of using types - we use mypy & Typescript.
Knowledge of various forms of testing and when they should best be applied, e.g. e2e, property-based, integration, functional, unit.
Be able to communicate clearly, concisely, and respectfully to technical and non-technical parties alike.
Be an experienced mentor to your peers.
Thrive in a culture of collaboration, iteration, and learning.

What your next six (6) months could look like
Working with our Data teams to help drive Model Execution times down, through infrastructure, code, or execution mode changes.
Aid in the first stage of our MLOps rollout with a focus on:
Automated (Re)-Training
Review and Governance
A/B Testing
Deployment
Monitoring
Strengthen all of our services to withstand a projected 20x increase in volume over the course of 2023.
Incorporate sockets to provide real-time updates to our clients, bringing collaboration features to life.
Assemble robust feature flagging to allow more rapid deployment of changes, separating the deployment of changes from the rollout of changes to Users.
Create new internal tooling to supercharge our Developer Experience (DX), making Engineering processes/tasks more efficient, less burdensome, and safer.
Mentor and help grow our Engineering and Data teams.

It'd be nice if you
Have experience with functional programming.
Have experience developing applications in a regulated environment.
Have experience working in a fast-paced start-up/scale-up environments.
Have knowledge or experience in financial markets, e.g. Fintech, Insurtech.

Regulatory Conduct and Rules
This company follows a set of prescribed conduct and rules:
Act with integrity.
Act with due skill, care, and diligence.
Be open and cooperative with Lloyd's, the FCA, the PRA, and other regulators.
Pay due regard to the interests of customers and treat them fairly.
Observe proper standards of market conduct.

We want to foster a culture where everybody feels included, heard, and equal regardless of position, age, disability, gender, relationship, parental status, race, or beliefs.

PLEASE NOTE: this role requires a right to work in the UK!

Reach out to let me know you’re interested