About the job
About komoot
Komoot is an app that lets you find, plan, and share adventures. Driven by a desire to explore, and powered by the outdoor community’s recommendations, it’s Komoot’s mission to inspire great adventures making them accessible to all. And we’re good at what we do: Google and Apple have listed us as one of their Apps of the Year numerous times!
Today, with over 30 million users and 360,000 five-star reviews, Komoot is well on its way to becoming the most popular cycling and hiking app for people who love adventures worldwide.
Join our fully remote team and change the way people explore!

About the role
You’ll team up with five world-class iOS engineers and take over full responsibility for our iOS app. Touching all parts of the iOS app, your work will make outdoor adventures easily accessible to our users. You’ll develop diverse features for navigation, routing, social interaction, and content visualization that will make your work challenging and fun.
Ready for your next adventure?

What you will do
Develop innovative new features from the first idea and concept over to road map planning, implementation, testing, release, and monitoring.
Work in one of our cross-functional squads of backend, web, and mobile developers, designers, copywriters, QA, data scientists, and product experts.
Team up with Matthias, Barbara, Marco, Chris, and Florent to build a state-of-the-art iOS app with up to 2 million monthly active users.
Release frequently with continuous builds, testing, and direct team feedback.

Why you will love it
You’ll work with a truly inspiring product that brings real-life value to our users and empowers them to explore more of the great outdoors.
We offer challenging tasks, such as turn-by-turn navigation, maps, on-/offline hybrids, data synchronization, and nearly everything the iOS platform offers.
We believe good ideas and commitment count more than titles.
Your expert knowledge will make you a key player amongst a team of highly motivated, talented people.
This is a remote role and you are free to work from anywhere that lies between the time zones UTC-1 and UTC+3. Beach? The mountains? Or a co-working space (covered by us)?
You’ll have a self-determined job with personal responsibility to move things forward, shape the processes and choose the tools you need to do your best work.
You’ll join an international and fully remote team spread across all of Europe with a common mission - to inspire great adventures, making them accessible to all.
You’ll travel together with our team to amazing outdoor places several times a year to exchange ideas, learnings and go for hikes and rides. Check out these videos to find out more about us (https://bit.ly/39xtIrn).
You get 38 days of annual leaves (including public holidays, which vary by country)

You will be successful in this position if you
Are highly self-driven, responsible, and keen to learn and improve.
Love to develop awesome products with a focus on great user experiences.
Have 4+ years of professional experience with developing high-quality production iOS apps.
Have 3+ years of professional experience in Swift development.
Love to work full-stack on native iOS apps.
Have a deep and up-to-date knowledge of iOS design principles and patterns, the core iOS frameworks, and technologies.
Write code that's readable, well documented, and meaningfully tested.
Are a great team player and communicator in a diverse and international remote team.

Some of our Perks
38 days of vacation (incl. public holidays)
Dedicated time and budget to spend on your professional development: classes, conferences, books – your choice!
Discounts from leading outdoor and cycling brands
Flexible working hours and ability to work from anywhere in Europe
Three whole-company gatherings per year in beautiful locations
Optional “togetherness” trips with your team
Costs covered for your co-working space membership or your work from home office
The latest devices and equipment to do your best work

Curious to find out more?
More about our team and our values here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs
More about how we work here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs-process#how-we-work
More about our recruitment process and FAQs here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs-process

At komoot, we want to make great adventures accessible to everyone. We support diversity and inclusivity within the outdoors and welcome all prospective applicants.
We have a rolling recruitment process. If this role is online, it means it’s still open. We’re accepting applications and actively looking for the perfect candidate. Is it you?