About the job
Cerillion is a leading provider of billing, charging and customer management systems, delivering its solutions across a broad range of industries. We are looking for experienced full-stack developers (Java and Angular) to join our development team in the UK. You will be part of a cross-functional team that is responsible for the full Software Development Life Cycle, from conception to deployment.

The team at Cerillion has already produced innovation in the fields of Cloud billing, Subscription Management, Mediation, Convergent Charging, Mobile Billing, Content Billing, Real-time Rating, Product Catalogue, Mobile App and Self Service.

Role Overview:

As a Senior Full-Stack Developer you will be responsible for developing the Java/Spring Boot-based services and Angular-based UI that underpin our product suite.

You will work with other Development teams and Product Managers to define Product solutions and ensure a robust architecture. You will work with our Delivery Organisation to ensure the Product meets the needs of users. Alongside real-world coding experience, you should be passionate about enterprise product development, and prepared to make an impact on our development strategies.

As a senior member of the team, you will be expected to use your experience and to have opinions about all aspects of Software Development and the desire to see through innovation.

Key tasks and responsibilities:
Work with development teams and Product Owners to define software solutions.
Listen to feature requests and work closely with design and product teams to solve new use cases.
Design and code well-functioning services and UI components.
Actively participate in the product roadmap.
Build a highly scalable & highly available enterprise system.
Perform initial testing of software, and support colleagues through Testing project phases.

What we’ll provide you with:
Competitive Salary
25 days annual leave (+ bank holidays), increasing to 28 days after 5 years’ service
Vitality health insurance
Pension / life assurance plan
Cycle to work scheme
Weekly fitness classes
ShareSave scheme
Regular company parties, after-work socials, and special events
Hybrid working (2 days per week in the office/3 days working form home)
Free breakfast and lunch on office days
Mental Health First Aiders

What we're looking for:
5+ years software development experience
Current, hands-on experience developing software in Java, Spring Boot
Current, hands-on experience with Angular (Typescript) development
Strong understanding of versioning tools (Git, Bitbucket).
Experience developing RESTful Web Services
Familiarity with Relational Databases and Hibernate
Appreciation of full software development life cycle
Strong analytical, interpersonal, problem solving and communication skills.
Appreciation for non-functional requirements

In addition, the following technical skills would be advantageous:
Familiarity with Oracle RDBMS
Experience of working in the Telecoms BSS/OSS domain
Familiarity with TM Forum Open API
Scrum Master Certification or experience
Practical experience with containerisation