About the job
Back End Developer
Reporting to: Head of Applied R+D team
Location: Battersea

Foster and Partners are an award-winning British architectural design and engineering firm who put forward an innovative, modern and sustainable approach. We are based in Battersea SW London. Due to a period of sustained growth we are looking to recruit a Back End Developer to join our Applied R+D team

About the role
The Applied Research + Development team produces cutting-edge technologies, including web applications, to support Architecture, Engineering, Construction and Operations for the built environment. We take these technologies through all stages of the innovation lifecycle, from R+D prototypes through to robust production applications. We are looking for back-end developers to support this mission and deliver industry-leading solutions.

In this position you will help deliver innovative web applications for Architecture, Engineering and Design. We develop a broad variety of application structures including RESTful APIs, real-time web applications and hybrid cloud/on-premise systems.

Back-end developers are required to work in teams alongside front-end developers, graphic designers, and user experience designers to ensure all elements of web creation are consistent. This requires excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Back-end developers will write code, design solutions for applications and continuously improve functionality. To be successful, you should demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills, high-quality coding skills, and the ability to manage your time efficiently.
Responsibilities
Creating top-quality applications used for Architecture, Engineering, Construction and Operations (AECO) in the built environment
Collaborating with front-end developers, computational designers, environmental engineers and other domain specialists
Improving functionality
Using the most current and appropriate technologies
Designing and building application layers
Delivering in support of all stages of application development lifecycle, including tests, CI/CD pipelines and documentation
Qualities and Skills required
Essential
Degree in computer science, software development, or equivalent experience
Extensive working knowledge of coding using .NET languages especially ASP.NET Core
Familiarity with NoSQL databases (Azure Cosmos, MongoDB), SQL servers and object–relational mapping frameworks like Entity Framework Core
Experience with CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps and Microsoft Azure
Experience with building RESTful APIs
Ability to scope, implement, test and deploy microservices.
Experience in deploying complex high-uptime applications.
Proficiency in integrating with third-party APIs
Familiarity with common web security threats and threat mitigation. Ability to liaise with colleagues in our IT infrastructure team to ensure best practices.
Following office-wide standards for coding, user interface and application security
Able to manage sensitive and confidential information
A keen eye for detail.
Good problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Good interpersonal skills
Desirable
Experience with high-performance computing for engineering simulations and mathematical modelling.
Experience with programming distributed rendering systems or render farm management tools like AWS Deadline
Experience with persistent HTTP connections using technology including Microsoft SignalR, WebSockets or WebRTC for real-time applications.
General understanding of CAD/BIM tools and technologies
Experience with unit testing frameworks like XUnit/Moq or similar
Working knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes and Helm Charts.
Knowledge of GraphQL, webhooks and modern API tooling.
Node.js experience

In return we offer a competitive basic salary and generous benefits package which includes 25 days holiday (exc bank holidays), Pension, DIS and discretionary annual bonus

If you would like to work for a company that can offer you a career then please apply by sending an up to date CV to pwithers@fosterandpartners.com