About the job
Backend Developer | £90k | Work From Anywhere Scheme | Series-A Scale-Up |

One of Venchr's most open-minded, flexible & motivational clients is on the lookout for an awesome & bright-minded Senior Backend Engineer skilled in Java, Kotlin, C#, Python, C++ or PHP; with ambitions to hit the ground running & become an integral part of their core team.

Offering 80% remote-first working, 15-days a year to work abroad & also the option to work from anywhere in the UK for family/friend trips away (none of this comes out of annual leave) comes as standard 🌎

We'll need you to get to work on our PHP (Laravel) Backend to start but we have imminent plans to rip that out with a view to moving to a Java Microservices setup!

Working with some of the globe's largest brands, across multiple sectors - we specialise in the retail ecosystem of brand, retailer, and agency. Our approach is built on a strong combination of our app, reporting platform, and our ever-trusted, reliable network. This combination allows actionable, objective, granular and accurate data, both at speed and scale.

You'll be designing, building and maintaining software products in our awesome ecosystem.

The strength of this team, not individuals, is of paramount importance and you’ll be expected to share your knowledge and experience with others in the team to continually elevate the strength of everyone.

We value entrepreneurship, creativity and integrity, so you’ll be a results-driven, self-starter, with a passion for software development and a curiosity for technology and improvement.

Having so far raised over £10m in funding, we are actively growing our tight-knit team - we value our team members happiness above everything else, and we spread nothing but positivity & in turn, this creates amazing productivity.

A salary of up to £90k is available + remote-first working & we will provide you with everything you need to be the very best version of yourself.

Venchr is a Trading Name of TGIG Ltd. This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the system administrator. If you are not the intended recipient you are advised that disclosing, copying, distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited. WARNING: Although the company has taken reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this email, the company cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of this email or attachments. TGIG Ltd, 6 The Runnells, PE19 6AN