About the job
Game Artist

We're looking for a fantastic 2D game artist to join our team and create our next awesome game! Push Gaming is a mobile games developer composed of a team of experienced designers, developers and games experts, with a passion for making quality, entertaining mobile casino games.

Essential Skills:

Strong 2D portfolio demonstrating a variety of styles and skills that covers game art such as symbols, characters, backgrounds and Game UI as a bonus.
Good understanding of art and design fundamentals such as colour, light, anatomy and composition.
Ability to work within an art team, manage multiple tasks and work towards deadlines.
An advanced understanding of Photoshop for digital illustration.
Ability to develop various appealing illustrations and adapt to existing styles and guidelines set by Art Leads and Art Director.
A communicator with the ability to verbalise conceptual thoughts and with an openness to constructive criticism.

Nice to have:

Knowledge of other Adobe packages like Illustrator.
Understanding how to compile work for an animation pipeline.

What you’ll do:
Create quality 2D artwork in all areas of the game from game symbols, environment/backgrounds to characters and UI.
Consistently deliver high-quality work that can inspire the team and carry a vision.
Take direction, iterate on look and feel, gather feedback from the entire team, and participate in the review of the full production of the art and game
Work closely with Art Leads, Game Designers and Directors to detail the goals and purpose of the entire artwork of the game.

Benefits:
Competitive salary
Flexible working hours
Great career progression

Sounds good to you? If so, please send your CV to CAREERS@PUSHGAMING.COM

Please note that we are trying our best to respond to you as quick as possible, however due to a high volume of applicants, you may not be contacted immediately if you are not selected for the position but you can always keep an eye on all the career opportunities on our website https://www.pushgaming.com/careers.