About the job
Description & Requirements

Why Epicor?

At Epicor, we know that success comes from working together. Everyone has a role to play, and it’s the essential partnerships across our company that are crucial to our customers’ success and our growth as a business.

We’re truly a team. Working in close partnership, we bring wide-ranging talents together in powerful collaborations. We think innovatively, share our knowledge generously, and constantly learn from our colleagues. We’re proud of the success we achieve every day, but we never stop challenging ourselves and encouraging each other. Together, we go further and imagine an even brighter future.

Whatever your career journey, we’ll help you find the right path. Through our training courses, mentorship, and continuous support, you’ll get everything you need to thrive. At Epicor, your success is our success. And that success really matters, because we’re the essential partners for the world’s most essential businesses—the hardworking companies who make, move, and sell the things the world needs.

Backend Developer – .NET (C#)- Peterborough (Remote, UK)

About The Role:

Develop solutions to a good standard, understand and learn industry best practices within development teams. Be involved with the evolving company culture and encourage others to do the same.

Success factors

Contribute towards delivering great outcomes for our customers
Positively influence the culture of the department and company: Bold & Enthusiastic, Clear Communicators, Great Executors and One Data Interchange Team
Ability to work well as a team
Understand our agile processes to always ensure a high standard of delivery
Increased technical ability and understanding
Department / team contribution

Actively share your knowledge with others
Learn and develop your skills from other team members
Provides, welcomes, accepts and acts upon feedback
Skills, experience, and attributes

Able to pick up new concepts and technologies
Experience working in a strategic and tactical development environment
Isn’t afraid to admit failure and learn from it
Awareness of .NET, modern web technologies and relational databases
Performing peer reviews, including testing and code reviews
Developing solutions according to designs agreed during design discussions and workshops
Effective verbal and written communication skills. Able to adapt communication style to suit different audiences.
Breakdown

Development (documentation, coding, testing, design, peer reviews etc) – 75%
Sprint activities (planning, stand ups, retrospectives, backlog reviews etc) – 5%
Training – 20%

Person profile

Qualifications

Good standard of education – 2:2 degree or higher.

GCSE English & Maths (C or above).

Desirable

Skills

Essential

Object orientated software development in .NET (C#)

Relational database models and T-SQL using Microsoft SQL Server

HTML / JavaScript / CSS

JavaScript frameworks, Angular / React

Microsoft ASP.NET / MVC

Microsoft Windows Forms

Understanding of computer networks and associated protocols

Essential

Desirable

Desirable

Desirable

Desirable

Desirable

Experience

Creating and maintaining medium to large scale applications built upon Microsoft .NET.

Developing applications within an Agile process such as SRCUM

Creating web-based applications

Essential

Desirable

Desirable

Characteristics, personal qualities and personality traits.

Good analytical and problem-solving skills.

Strong attention to detail.

Good written and oral communication skills.

Self-managed, self-motivated, and proactive.

Good interpersonal skills.

Essential

We look forward to hearing from you and wish you the very best of luck with your application.