About the job
About Harry’s

Harry’s Inc. started in 2013 with simple, fairly priced products that delivered an amazing experience to guys every day. Since then, Harry's has expanded to the UK and Europe and currently has nearly 80 people based out of our office in Covent Garden, London. We’ve developed relationships with retailers such as Target and Walmart, expanded our grooming brand into a personal care powerhouse, and launched additional brands like Flamingo & Cat Person.

Our brands answer unmet consumer needs, but our company is a place of inclusion and innovation that attracts some of the brightest minds across industries, geographies, and backgrounds. Whether we have a team of 3 or 300, our core values and our startup mentality remain; we value continuous improvement and learning, teamwork and collaboration, creative problem solving, and open and direct dialogue and feedback. Come for the coffee and free products, stay for the amazing, passionate culture.

About The Role

As a Staff Engineer you will lead development of core components of our global, multi-tenant eCommerce platform. You will own delivery of complex systems using technologies including Scala, TypeScript, Kubernetes, Terraform, and other cloud solutions. You will mentor and grow a group of highly talented individuals. You will drive engineering best practices and raise the bar for quality.

What you will accomplish:

Design and develop features for our eCommerce platform with best practices in mind
Prioritize your own work based on business/team goals
Debug issues that stem from user reported and system generated problems.
Suggest meaningful improvements to our tech stack
Lead 2-3 person squads through the product development lifecycle
Solve complex engineering problems while driving alignment between technical and business stakeholders

This should describe you:

You proactively iterate on things that can be improved, whether or not it was asked of you
You take calculated risks, as measured by trying new things and improving existing processes and experiences
You know how to disagree and commit
You are highly resilient and have a strong sense of what's important as priorities change
You communicate the “why” behind a decision so teammates understand rationale and can make better decisions accordingly
You proactively coach teammates to break down problems and brainstorm solutions -- doesn't always jump in with answers themselves, but rather pushes teammates to actively problem-solve
You are reliable and communicate actively (and empathetically)

About The Team

Harry’s Backend Services Team builds and maintains a suite of solutions that power eCommerce sites for multiple brands on multiple continents. We are a small, autonomous team with grand ambitions. We make decisions empirically and we choose the right solutions for the job.

Here's Who You'll Work With

Reporting to the Senior Manger, Services
Working on the Services Team
Working with Services Engineers, Product Management, Data Engineering, and Web Engineering

Harry’s is committed to bringing together individuals from different backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do great work together.

Harry’s is an Equal Opportunity Employer, providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals. We recruit, hire and promote into all job levels the most qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), parental status, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, marital, family or partnership status, political affiliation or activities, military service, domestic violence victim status, arrest/conviction record, sexual or reproductive health decisions, caregiver status, credit history immigration status, unemployment status, traits historically associated with race, including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles or any other status protected under applicable federal, state and local laws. Harry’s commitment to providing equal employment opportunities extends to all aspects of employment, including job assignment, compensation, discipline and access to benefits and training.

We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our company.

This role can be done remotely, however there may be location constraints based on where Harry's is registered and able to employ individuals. Please speak with your recruiter to learn more.

#BI-Remote