About the job
Streamable is on a mission to make video hosting as easy as possible. Streamable has a large customer base, solid revenue, and excellent organic traffic, but the team is small. That means that each team member has a massive impact. If you’re the type of person that likes working on a small team of highly skilled people and having a big impact, then Streamable might be a great fit.

Streamable is off to an excellent start, but it’s still early days for us. We have a long and exciting road ahead of us. With the acquisition of Streamable by Hopin, Streamable’s goals are ambitious, and we’re excited to be a key part of Hopin’s mission.

The Role

We are looking for a Senior Fullstack Engineer with experience building applications with NodeJS, ReactJS, Javascript/Typescript and CSS. We are seeking a product obsessed individual with high attention to detail.

About You
Excellent Javascript or Typescript skills
Fullstack experience with modern web development language e.g Node.js
Experienced creating smooth user interfaces with React, CSS and HTML
Passion for clean and appropriately tested code
Strong understanding of different software development practices and how each can help shop more value to our customers
Located in between GMT-5 and GMT+1, or willing to work those hours
Nice to have
Experience working with Python
Experience working with video technology, like FFMPEG and GStreamer
Experience with infrastructure tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, etc
The Offer
Fully remote, global team
Flexible schedules
Laptop assigned, Mac or Dell (Windows)
Health Insurance Support
Parental Leave
$1000 USD for Home-Office Set up
$100 USD monthly remote work stipend
$1500 USD for Learning & Development
Where And How We Hire

Being a remote company enables us to hire the best talent from selected locations around the world. We can engage with you in any of our jurisdictions listed below, all you need to do is demonstrate the legal right to work and be physically present in that country. Some roles may have specific workforce location requirements which will be noted on the job description.
Entity: Canada, UK, USA
Employer of Record: India, Ireland, Portugal, Spain
Full Time Contractor (Self Employed): Argentina, U.A.E.
At Hopin, we're committed to cultivating an environment that promotes equality, diversity, and inclusion. We are a global community and we believe our unique qualities must be celebrated as they are critical to our innovation. It's essential to us that you bring your authentic self to work every single day, no matter your age, ethnicity, religion, citizenship, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, neurodiversity, or otherwise. Inclusion isn't just an initiative at Hopin. We strive to embed it not just into our core values but throughout our entire ecosystem.