About the job
Location: Remote First in Europe (GMT+/-2) with WeWork access and London HQ
Salary: £60-85k + stock options + bonus

Everyday an unsuspecting colleague, friend, or family member is targeted by criminals. In the United Kingdom, 4.6 million people are affected by fraud annually, and around 700,000 will suffer profoundly as a result. Globally, the problem is even worse.

CybSafe is a venture-backed startup working to prevent people falling victim to cyber incidents for organisations of all sizes.

We're on a mission to revolutionise the way society addresses the human aspect of cyber security. We believe security awareness shouldn't be a tick in the box exercise, and organisations of all sizes should benefit from data science and behaviour change theory.

We're building an intelligent behavioural security platform to combat the rise of sophisticated scams, fraud, and malicious hacking. We're using the power of science, data and behaviour change theory to create a safer and better digital world for everyone.

We're a tribe of risk-takers, game-changers, free-thinkers and doers. And we're passionate about the impact we have on our planet through our software and our voices.

Passion. Impact. Transparency. Autonomy. Purpose. Diversity. Belonging. If these resonate with you, come join us and make a difference.

The role
You'll be mostly involved with developing our product, rapidly iterating and delivering new features as well as contributing to our internal tooling. As part of the Software Engineering team, you will work closely with product team, designers and scientists in a small autonomous squad, while joining regular discipline specific steering sessions to further your field.

This is a remote role for people who live in Europe (GMT+/-2), with membership to WeWork All Access

Read more about what it's like at CybSafe Engineering here: https://bit.ly/3OoaghP

Our stack: https://stackshare.io/cybsafe-ltd/cybsafe

What you'll be doing
Building internet applications at scale
Delivering an experience second to none for the hundreds of thousands of people on our platform, cyber security professionals, and tribe members using internal tools
Writing code that your colleagues admire for it's readability and elegance
Designing and maintaining innovative software applications
Supporting our open source projects like phishtray: We're helping research and giving away software, everyone at CybSafe has time to contribute
Mentoring & building skills in the team: We run regular hackathons, we spend time learning new things, everyone is involved!

Our ideal candidate
Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related fields; or equivalent experience in software development
Strong experience in Python or similar modern programming language
Experience with relational databases
Commitment to self growth & care
Experience mentoring/coaching other engineers

Experience that would be a bonus
Strong experience in Python, Django, and Django REST framework
Strong understanding of software engineering principles, distributed system design, and how to take software to production
Experience in developing and maintaining fast, scalable and well-documented APIs
Good experience in designing data models for relational databases
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Benefits:
Stock option plan
Discretionary bonus
Self development and training budget
Laptop with home setup budget
Work from anywhere & WeWork All Access
Mental health budget
Annual gatherings

We also have mental health days and company rest days! Check out our ever-growing list of perks here: https://bit.ly/3mUdy0Y

Diversity & Inclusion
We are a diverse tribe - read our thoughts on it here: https://bit.ly/3Bak63M

We'd be super grateful if you were to fill in our survey, it helps our data driven efforts: https://cybsafeadmin.typeform.com/to/n8DnrVEN

Applying for roles at CybSafe
Read about what to expect from our process here: https://bit.ly/3RQrZ4d