About the job
StaySafe protects lone workers. Using our smartphone apps and web-based platform we help safeguard the lives of employees within major corporations and small businesses alike, across any industry and over six continents.

About the role:

We are looking for a Mobile Developer to help design, build and maintain our iOS and Android apps. You’ll be responsible for delivering core functionality of our real-time geospatial safety products, and shaping their future, and ensuring we deliver a great experience for our customers by ensuring quality is upheld across the board. You’ll work in an agile environment and across the entire software development life-cycle, collaborating with other software engineers of different skill sets and experience levels.

The role is remote, but we also have offices in London and co-workers dotted around the UK.

Our tech stack:

Kotlin, Java
Swift, Objective-C
AWS (EC2, SNS, SQS, Lambda, API Gateway)
MySQL (Aurora), Redis (ElastiCache), DynamoDB
Linux
Apache

Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain apps for iOS in Swift and some Objective-C, and for Android in Kotlin.
Write testable and maintainable application code to support new features.
Research and develop POCs.
Own the apps you develop from development through testing and deployment.
Identify and fix bugs.
Work alongside our customer success team to provide second line technical support.
Build integrations with other devices, e.g. via Bluetooth technology.

Being a remote team we encourage active collaboration through Slack and video conferencing, show and tell sessions, demos and retrospectives.

You should apply if:

You can demonstrate solid, practical experience developing iOS and Android apps.
You have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written English.
You have experience of app deployment and best practice guidelines, for example Apple’s Human Interface and App Store Review Guidelines.
You are committed to writing high quality, testable code.
You have experience working in an agile environment.
You love learning. Engineering is an ever-evolving world. You enjoy playing with new tech and exploring areas that you might not have experience with yet.

You’ll value:

Solving problems in a systematic way.
Continuous learning and development.
Being inclusive, supportive and responsible.
Working with integrity, honesty, objectivity and impartiality.

The interview process:

Our interview process is normally an initial phone interview followed by a take-home task and call to discuss it. If successful you will move to a final round of two separate interviews conducted by online video. It is important that we are a good cultural fit. And we promise not to ask you any brain teasers or trick questions.

Benefits:

Competitive salary.
25 days holiday in addition to the 8 public holidays.
We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.
We have a London office, but you can work from anywhere.
Maternity and parental leave.
Personal development budget, for example to be used for attending conferences or online training courses.
The right tools to do your job, for example an Apple MacBook Pro and licences for any software you need.
Home office budget to purchase additional equipment you may require to setup your working environment.
Pension scheme.

Things you need to know:

Successful candidates must pass a basic Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) security check.
We have payroll set up in the UK. Right now, we can only hire people who work from the UK.

Powered by JazzHR

jSwclgoRS3