About the job
Location: Remote (EU, UK, US, Canada, South America)

About us
At SlashID, we are rethinking the way companies manage identity and authentication, giving users a better experience while respecting their privacy and keeping their data safe.
At the core of our system are encrypted user identities, with API-based modules built on top, which accomplish tasks such as authentication, authorization, ID verification and many others.
SlashID’s products are on our customer’s critical path and most of them require 99.99% uptime, so reliability and security are key to our engineering culture.
Last but not least, we are a young startup. We work with tight deadlines, lean processes and ambitious roadmaps. We are a small, tight-knit team who strives to succeed in a competitive environment.

About the role
We’re looking for people with a strong technical background and a passion for building highly scalable and reliable systems. You’re a good fit if you are comfortable dealing with complex distributed systems, have exquisite attention to detail, and enjoy learning new technologies.
SlashID is remote-first and we offer flexible working arrangements to help our team manage their daily lives in the way that works best for them.
Please note: the exact level of the role (Senior or Principal) will depend on your experience and interview performance.

You will:
Design, build and maintain SlashID’s products, services and features
Be part of the engineering team working on our Authentication, Data Vault and User Management services
Use and adapt state-of-the-art cryptographic libraries and primitives
Build tooling to monitor and analyze SlashID’s services, both in terms of performance and security
Write technical documentation, blogs and guides
Work with other highly motivated engineers who all have an intrinsic drive to make things better
Use your passion for technology to ensure our platform operates flawlessly 24/7
Have broad exposure to our entire architecture
You'll use:
Go (Golang)
Hardware Security Modules (HSM)
Tink
GCP
Terraform
Docker
Redis
Postgres and MySQL
You are a good fit if you:
Have a strong understanding of reliability practices, distributed systems, and cloud native architectures
Have experience as a cloud or backend engineer for a multi-tenant large scale mission critical system
Have a thorough understanding of engineering best practices, including appropriate testing paradigms, effective peer code reviews, resilient architecture
Have a good understanding of multi-threading, concurrency, and parallel processing technologies
Have experience producing high-quality technical documentation for the products you develop
Love building secure software, leveraging the latest cryptographic technology and methodology
Thrive in a fast-paced, test-driven, collaborative, and iterative environment
Have a passion for reliable and performant systems, and care deeply about user experience
Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different backgrounds and expertise