About the job
Lead Android Developer
65k to 85k
Fully remote - UK wide

We are working with one of our clients within the Health and Fitness industry, they're looking for a Lead Android Developer to join their fantastic team!

Key Responsibilities
As the Lead Android Developer, you will lead and mentor a small team of Android developers
You will take a lead in promoting the business culture within the Android team.
You will work with the Product Owners and Engineering Manager to ensure the development team has a full understanding of the technical and business requirements of each project and to plan and implement new features, fixes and improvements within the Android application.
You will lead the development and architecture of their Android applications and their integration with backend services.
You will monitor the quality of the Android applications and work alongside other teams to ensure their applications stay consistent over all platforms.
Ensuring that all Android products are fully functional and tested before being pushed to production.
You should have an overly keen interest in advancements in your field, whether that be new technologies, latest frameworks, new libraries or an interesting blog post.

Essentials they are looking for
A minimum of 4 years experience developing native Android applications using Kotlin.
Experience of building native applications
Experience of leading and mentoring a development team.
Self-motivated to explore new technologies, applications and environments.
Excellent degree of communication skills and experience working with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Excellent attention to detail.
Highly motivated team player who is able to manage and advise less-experienced members of the team.
Knowledge of Jira, GitHub, Confluence.

Benefits
Free membership to their Life Plan.
33 days holiday.
Generous discounts on all merchandise.
Competitive salary.
Free staff fun days and socials.
Many opportunities for career development, as well as opportunities for training and personal development.
Enhanced sick pay, maternity and paternity pay.
Free snacks, tea and coffee on-site.
Smoke-free site.