About the job
Introducing Spotlas

Spotlas is a brand new social network revolutionising the way people discover, choose and experience spots all over the world.

Follow friends, family, influencers, celebrities and locals in order to see all of their favourite spots around the world – from cafes, restaurants, bars & nightclubs to hotels, museums, shops and beaches.

Any spot, any occasion, anywhere in the world.

The Role

We are looking for a talented and formidable Backend Developer to join our rapidly growing development team and to grow into a leading member of that team.

The role will involve…

Designing, implementing and managing the most powerful backend that we can conceive from top to bottom and without restrictions.

Creating backend solutions to an extremely diverse range of problems which will challenge and grow your skill set in every direction.

Working very closely with management, frontend developers, designers and the ideas themselves to have a complete understanding of and to contribute to the larger vision for Spotlas.

Challenging the universally accepted coding practices with the ambition to contribute to the evolution of software development.

You should have experience in….

Go programming language - whether that is from learning in your spare time, creating your own projects, or working within a formal setting.

Other scripting languages, such as Javascript, Java, NodeJs or Kotlin.

Managing Linux based infrastructure, relational databases including postgreSQL & ELK stack.

Strong understanding of the development cycle and programming techniques and tools.

The perfect candidate will also have…

An eagerness and excitement to learn and pick up new skills.

The ability to learn and improve quickly.

An extremely high level of attention to detail.

Excellent communication skills.

An excitement & appreciation for Spotlas, the platform and the startup environment.

The desire to work hard and at a high level of intensity.

Salary

The starting salary for this role is £32k - £40k depending on the experience of the person we hire. In addition to this, you will have the opportunity to be enrolled into our employee share options scheme.

Location

Ideally we are looking for someone who will be able to commute into our offices in Marylebone on a flexible basis. We offer all of our employees flexibility with opportunities to work from home and for an exceptional candidate we would be open to offering fully remote work.

How to Apply

Email us at wasil@spotlas.com with a cover letter explaining why you want the job and why you think you will be great at it (max 200 words).

Interview Process

Technical Test
Technical Interview
Character Interview