About the job
Product Designer at ProFinda - Fully Remote


ProFinda is now looking to grow their product team and are looking for a Product Designer. As a key member of our product team, you will work closely with our product managers, product designers and software developers. Our mission is to create and further develop the world’s most effective and engaging platform for workforce optimization.

In this position you will

Proactive in designing the platform’s visual and functional user experience
Produce wireframes and user flows based on user behaviour
Produce low, mid and high-fidelity mock-ups for design ideation and iteration
Maintain and develop our UI/UX design guidelines
Design product user interfaces (desktop and mobile)
Collaborate with our internal developer team and take part in specialist or multidisciplinary team meetings


You should apply if you have

Experience in UI/UX design for SaaS applications
A design or HCI related degree
Motivated team player as well as able to initiate and work independently
Able to juggle multiple assignments at one time
Can execute quickly when needed with attention to detail
Design tooling competence with demonstrable skills of Figma & Adobe products
Motion Graphics/Video Editing skills are a plus
Fluent in English

We offer


a competitive compensation
a laptop (Mac or PC as preferred)
25 days holiday, plus 8 bank holidays
learning and development budget
team retreats


Our interview process

Initial conversation with HR
45 min interview with Product Designer
30 minute interview with Head of Product

Our Culture & Values

At ProFinda, we know that a great culture is something that develops naturally on the back of strong, clearly defined company values and leadership. This culture is what motivates and retains talented employees. Our values are true to ProFinda and are reinforced among our employees daily, translating to a culture that makes the entire team proud.

We’re a purpose-driven company, engaged and excited about the work we are doing.
We know good ideas come from everywhere, so we work to ensure every person feels safe to take risks and think outside of the box. You will get a responsible role in an ambitious team, at the forefront of our rapid growth.
We operate based on trust. We are proud of the company's autonomy and work based on flexible hours. We care about the results, not harsh deadlines.
We are committed to transparent and great communication, and patient self-driven attitudes. We're not big on meetings, but we love innovation, agile thinking and solution mindsets.
We move quickly so you’re constantly learning and things never get stale. You will have plenty of opportunities for personal growth and development.
We value a daily work + life balance.

A bit more about us

Though our backgrounds are diverse, we share a belief - employee skills and a knowledge lens can lead to workforce productivity and quality, also favouring employee personal development and mobility. That common inspiration keeps us aligned with our purpose as a team, which is scattered across 12 countries (so far), all over Europe. The distance doesn't slow us down. We keep the engine humming from our homes, co-working spaces, and coffee shops. Whether collaborating through Slack, video calls, our team knows how to keep connected—it’s what we do best!

At ProFinda, inclusivity fits our core values of aspiring to create an open-minded workforce, where our employees feel comfortable to be themselves. We know that creating diverse teams is the most fundamental component to our success and this success can only be achieved by a collective of people with different backgrounds, experiences, personalities, talents, ideas and opinions. We hire fantastic, innovative team players – if that sounds like you, you will find a home at ProFinda!