About the job
Senior Vehicle Render Artist | Marketing | London | Permanent


We're Hutch, a mobile games developer & publisher with studios in central London, Dundee and Canada. Our mission is to build the most diverse and engaged automotive gaming community on mobile. Our games have been played by over 280 million people, with new titles in development.


We believe in putting our people first. Here you can make games without sacrificing quality time with family and friends. We strive to ensure our people are happy and healthy.


Our teams are small and empowered, they have the independence to take on creative and technical challenges together, to work collaboratively, to make great games and have fun along the way.


We believe in: Looking after our people, small empowered teams, complete transparency, test, learn repeat, community at the core and the freedom to focus on what truly makes a difference to our players.


We're driven by our players! Come and join the mission!


Senior Vehicle Render Artist | Embedded | Top Drives


Hutch is seeking an experienced Vehicle Render Artist to work within our Top Drives development team focused on marketing output for the game. The successful candidate will work closely with the Art Director and our Brand and Community, Performance Marketing, Creative Services and Licensing teams to promote and showcase our game. This role will give you the opportunity to focus on concepting, designing and rendering new strategic content for a variety of platforms to meet the needs of studio teams.
We are looking for a self-motivated, pragmatic Senior Vehicle Render Artist who thrives on the ability to be creative. You will have a passion to work in the mobile free to play space and be eager to immerse yourself in the marketable positioning of Top Drives and the 2000 licensed vehicles currently available in game.
This role requires collaboration across multiple teams and the ideal candidate will be comfortable facilitating conversations across disciplines as well as sharing new ideas and concepts at an early stage.


Responsibilities


Create engaging, impactful and high performing marketing assets for social media and ASO purposes which would include feature graphics, banners, icons, screenshots, game updates and in game events
Transfer key marketing initiatives into high quality consumer facing visuals
Work with the project Art Director and Brand Manager to further develop the IP's branding
Collaborate productively, communicating ideas and raising issues clearly across disciplines

Own and maintain the art asset pipeline
Foster a productive relationship with cross studio teams
Collaborate with engineers to create and improve tooling for marketing use
Prepare creative assets for outsourcers and ad hosting platforms
Respond to UA performance data to update and iterate on creative assets
Drive communication with internal stakeholders to ensure key dates and expectations are met
Collaborate with the licensing team to ensure creatives adhere to F1 guidelines and specifications (and those of any any other relevant licensor)

Requirements:

Photoshop mastery and a good general Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite
Experience using Unity
Experience using Maya
Open and creative
Able to communicate complex ideas in simple, visually appealing ways
Have exceptionally strong communication skills and a teamwork oriented attitude
Exceptional eye for composition, contrast and colour
Understanding of social media, marketing and emerging trends
Able to adapt quickly to scheduling changes
Able to iterate thoughtfully and efficiently
Share your learnings with the team
Able to work autonomously and as a part of a team
Bonus Points


Prior experience within the game industry
Previous experience in brand marketing
Knowledge and passion for video games
An interest in cars and motor racing
Knowledge of Adobe Substance Suite (Designer/Painter)
Knowledge of V - Ray Rendering Software

Benefits:

Life at Hutch


Our HQ is in the heart of Shoreditch, central London with other offices in Dundee and Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia. We're an agile, creative team with people at the core of our values. We reward our employees with:


Enhanced Maternity (18 weeks) and Paternity leave (6 weeks)
Flexible working hours
Remote working 2 days per week
From June - December 2022, Hutch will be trialing a 4 day working week*
Excellent salaries
Private health care
Access to mental health initiatives such as private mental health coaching
Support to learn, develop and progress within Hutch
Free snacks and drinks
Lots of social events, game launch parties, Thursday night drinks and much more
*This will mean that Hutch employees will work a maximum of 4 days per week (30 hours/week), with zero reductions in pay (compared to a 5 day working week).


We value diversity and as an equal opportunity employer, we encourage applications from all suitable applicants. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.


Please see Hutch Games Privacy Policy for details on how Hutch Games uses your personal data.


Come and find out more about Hutch through our blog. We make racing games, but it's not the only thing that drives us - https://www.hutch.io/