About the job
Senior UI Artist | Art | London | Permanent


We're Hutch, a mobile games developer & publisher with studios in central London, Dundee and Canada. Our mission is to build the automotive gaming experiences that people want on mobile. Our games have been played by over 300 million people, with new titles in development.


We believe in putting our people first. Here you can make games without sacrificing quality time with family and friends. We strive to ensure our people are happy and healthy.


Our teams are small and empowered, they have the independence to take on creative and technical challenges together, to work collaboratively, to make great games and have fun along the way.


We believe in; Looking after our people, small empowered teams, complete transparency, test, learn repeat, community at the core and the freedom to focus on what truly makes a difference to our players.


We're driven by our players! Come and Join the mission!


Senior UI Artist | Art | London | Permanent



Hutch is looking for a Senior UI Artist to join the team in London and deliver visually impressive free to play gaming experiences. We really value our players and you will be a key part of defining how they interact with our games. You will have a strong understanding of UI Art and Design and have the ability to create sleek, clean and stylish user interfaces. You should be collaborative with the ability to quickly understand and translate requirements into beautiful user experiences.



Responsibilities


Collaborate with Designers and the Product Owner to prepare an excellent UI design including pitching ideas and helping with the creative direction.
Collaborate with the Product Owner and Art Director to define an appropriate UI art style
Create high-quality UI artwork and the associated source assets to match the sleek, high-quality visual style of our games
Creation of UI wireframe prototypes
Work with client engineers to implement well functioning and bug-free UI within Unity
Design elegant UX layouts in conjunction with the design team, including wireframes and user flow
Be required to attend regular design meetings and team presentations.
Contribute to planning and scheduling
Mentor other UI Artists to help us level up UI Art across the studio

Requirements:

Proven UI Art experience within the games industry, with at least one shipped game title in your portfolio
Strong logo and iconography design skills
Experience of the design workflow, starting from paper level, through wireframes to functioning prototypes
The ability to demonstrate a practical understanding of UX/communication design conventions and how they affect player behaviour and be aware of current and emerging trends
Excellent visual design skills (sense of proportion, layout, graphical form, typography, colour, composition and negative space)
Have a good sense of colour and composition, understand what looks great
Technical proficiency with; Photoshop, Illustrator
Unity experience with the ability to implement assets
An interest in working on mobile games
A desire to have a big impact within a small empowered team





Bonus Points


At Hutch we have very varied roles, so we'd welcome any of the additional skills but it is not a requirement


Experience in VFX, 2D animation and motion graphics
Experience with 3D art software such as 3DS Max, Maya, Modo or Zbrush
UX prototyping design software such as Figma, Adobe XD or Flinto

Benefits:

Life at Hutch


Our HQ is in the heart of Shoreditch, central London with other offices in Dundee and Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia. We're an agile, creative team with people at the core of our values. We reward our employees with:


Enhanced Maternity (18 weeks) and Paternity leave (6 weeks)
Flexible working hours
Remote working 2 days per week
From June - December 2022, Hutch will be trialing a 4 day working week*
Excellent salaries
Private health care
Access to mental health initiatives such as private mental health coaching
Support to learn, develop and progress within Hutch
Free snacks and drinks
Lots of social events, game launch parties, Thursday night drinks and much more



*This will mean that Hutch employees will work a maximum of 4 days per week (30 hours/week), with zero reductions in pay (compared to a 5 day working week).






We value diversity and as an equal opportunity employer we encourage applications from all suitable applicants. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.






Please see Hutch Games Privacy Policy for details on how Hutch Games uses your personal data.





Come and find out more about Hutch. We make racing games, but it's not the only thing that drives us - https://www.hutch.io/