About the job
UK Key Account Manager – Mobile Fitness Software

Location: This role is remote, so the location is your home office or a shared office space local to you in the UK.

We’re looking for a KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER to sell our amazing SaaS app solution to large and medium-sized gym groups and leisure centre operators and manage our business with them.

WHO WE ARE
Innovatise is the developer of myFitApp, the number 1 mobile marketing app solution for gyms and leisure centres. Over 2,300 sites in the UK, US, Europe and the Middle East use our open, hybrid fitness platform and branded member apps to retain members, acquire new ones, communicate their brand and deliver digital fitness using the unique power of mobile.

Over 10 million of their customers have downloaded our apps on their phone and we’re sending over 20 million notifications to them per month. Our @home live-streaming and on-demand platform kept gym members fit and engaged during the pandemic and we’ve streamed over 2 million workouts since its launch. Our UK customers include GLL Better UK, Everyone Active, Parkwood Leisure, Fusion Lifestyle and Bannatyne as well as smaller organisations and single-site gyms. Our business is 12 years old, growing and profitable. We grew 2x during 2021 and we recently became part of a major US software group, ClubEssential Holdings.

OUR CULTURE
We are a team of “athletes not specialists” – we’re looking for those who are smart, intellectually curious, fast on their feet, learn quickly, are great communicators and have DNA for drive and initiative. We work in small teams with really big ambitions, both for what we want to achieve and also the environment we work in. We want our company to remain thoughtful as we scale and try to be genuinely progressive in how we operate. We want people to really own what they do and be given the autonomy and freedom to make mistakes, learn, and create something meaningful. We all work incredibly hard because we really care about what Innovatise is here to do – we’re looking for exceptional people who are proactive, hungry to learn and take pride in their contribution to our collective achievements.

YOUR TASKS
This is a new role for the company, you’ll have the opportunity to help shape the role to ensure it’s an amazing success. Key tasks include:
Market, sell and support our solutions to leisure operator and gym accounts directly and in collaboration with out reseller partners
Account manage key existing accounts and upsell new features to them
Track and target leads, build forecasts, prioritise actions
Participate in marketing programs including organising and running customer and partner events, webinars, conferences and trade shows
Help us to develop procedures and processes to allow us to market, sell and support our products more efficiently, at scale.
Liaise with our product teams to communicate partner and customer feedback and play an active role in the future direction of our products and services
Work with our Customer Success team to help them support customers from initial app go live to ongoing configuration and day-to-day operations
Demonstrate our solution to customers and partners including set-up and maintenance of demo clubs and features
Develop a strong understanding of the capabilities of our solutions, how they are set-up and operated and be able to demonstrate their features and support customers when required.
Manage sales cycles over time, maintaining relationships with customers and managing projects both before, during and after the sale to ensure customer satisfaction.
Help us hire new team members as we grow the business

WHAT YOU WILL BRING
High customer affinity and service orientation. You’re motivated by meeting our customers’ needs.
Excellent at building relationships with customers
Confident communicator and happy to present online and in person.
You enjoy problem-solving, in a fast-paced customer-centric environment.
Excellent communication skills using multiple channels including phone, online chat, e-mail and screen-share demonstrations.
Experience in software sales or other account management.
A digital native with high affinity for software and technology - technology is your thing. You use online tools effortlessly and understand Web technologies.
You are well organised, structured and have a high level of self-motivation.
Confident demeanour and project management skills.
You learn quickly and are proactive in self-development -- our software is growing at a rapid pace and there is always something new to learn.
You are fluent in written and spoken English to communicate with customers and our international team

Useful but not required:
You may have experience in working in UK gym or leisure centre sector and a network of contacts with customers in the sector
You may be interested in fitness and be a gym user

WE OFFER
An attractive job in a modern, dynamic and rapidly growing international software group.
A high level of personal responsibility with the opportunity to make a difference.
An exciting, varied job with a wide range of tasks and new skills to learn.
A flat hierarchy and a very motivated, dynamic, international team.
Full-time permanent position in a well-established, profitable business.
You can work from your home office or a local shared office space.
Best equipment (MacBook, high-resolution screen, latest phones, etc.)

SOUND GOOD? THE NEXT STEPS
This is a fully remote role, and you really need to be a ‘people person’! You will be spending most of your time on a webcam chatting to our internal team or speaking to prospects and our customers. This means that as well as us wanting to see your CV, we would also really like to get to know you as a person! To help us do this, and to show us you are happy in front of a camera, please send us a video no longer than 5 minutes telling us:
A little bit about you
Why you think you would be a good fit for this position
And, answer this question: If you could be any mobile App tell us which one would you be and why?

Loom is a brilliant website for recording video and is something we use daily so please feel free to check it out. Once you have your recording, please send it along with your CV and salary expectations to – jc@innovatise.com