About the job
Licensing Manager | Commercial | London | Permanent

We're Hutch, a mobile games developer & publisher with studios in central London, Dundee and Canada. Our mission is to build the most diverse and engaged automotive gaming community on mobile. Our games have been played by over 300 million people, with new titles in development.

We believe in putting our people first. Here you can make games without sacrificing quality time with family and friends. We strive to ensure our people are happy and healthy.

Our teams are small and empowered, they have the independence to take on creative and technical challenges together, to work collaboratively, to make great games and have fun along the way.

We believe in; Looking after our people, small empowered teams, complete transparency, test, learn repeat, community at the core and the freedom to focus on what truly makes a difference to our players.

We're driven by our players! Come and Join the mission!


Licensing Manager | London

Hutch is looking for a Licensing Manager to join the team in London.

You should be a well organised professional with excellent communication skills, good understanding of the IP licensing process and capable of negotiating commercial and contractual terms. You will work closely with the Head of Licensing to develop strong relationships with internal teams here at Hutch, as well as with global IP's, brands, talent and other external partners.

Our current games include partnerships with renowned Car manufacturers, Formula 1 and entertainment brands such as WWE and Mattel, amongst others. We continue to seek and develop opportunities with both existing and prospective partners, both in existing and upcoming titles.


Responsibilities

Negotiate contractual and commercial terms to secure IP licences for Hutch's portfolio of games.
Work with internal and external legal teams to review licence agreements and ensure all legal processes are followed.
Identify and establish new relationships, as well as maintain existing relationships with a wide range of brand/IP holders.
Work closely with the game teams to identify potential licensing and marketing opportunities within existing and future games.
Responsible for day-to-day approval submissions with the respective brand/IP holders to ensure contractual commitments are met.
Accurately track all contracts and approval submissions for auditing purposes.
Record and monitor the expiry of any existing licence contracts and pursue extensions of contractual terms in order to meet the needs of the business.
Assist to maintain all Licensing documentation and trackers.
Coordinate with the Finance team to support royalty reporting and payment planning.
Other tasks may be required from time-to-time.

Requirements

A proven track record in Licensing.
Strong communication and relationship building skills.
Knowledge of licensing legal agreement formats and languages.
Highly organised, detail oriented with an excellent level of accuracy.
Proactive problem solving abilities to deal with challenging deadlines and priorities.
Able to kick start tasks on one's own initiative to improve and contribute to one's own and overall team productivity.
Works well both independently and within a team.

Bonus Points

Experience in Licensing for video games, ideally in the Car/Racing genre.
Experience in reviewing, amending, and drafting licensing agreements (based on existing examples).
Interest and knowledge in games and cars.


Life at Hutch

Our HQ is in the heart of Shoreditch, central London with other offices in Dundee and Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia. We're an agile, creative team with people at the core of our values. We reward our employees with;

Enhanced Maternity (18 weeks) and Paternity leave (6 weeks)
Flexible working hours
Remote working 2 days per week
From June - December 2022, Hutch will be trialing a 4 day working week*
Excellent salaries
Private health care
Access to mental health initiatives such as private mental health coaching
Support to learn, develop and progress within Hutch
Free snacks and drinks
Lots of social events, game launch parties, Thursday night drinks and much more

*This will mean that Hutch employees will work a maximum of 4 days per week (30 hours/week), with zero reductions in pay (compared to a 5 day working week).
We value diversity and as an equal opportunity employer we encourage applications from all suitable applicants. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

Please see Hutch Privacy Policy for details on how Hutch uses your personal data. Come and find out more about Hutch. We make racing games, but it's not the only thing that drives us - https://www.hutch.io/