About the job
Company Description

CitrusAd is powering retail media, with a personalized sponsored product and display ad technology platform for some of the world's biggest retailers across 25 countries. Our tech paired with a world class services division is driving retailer media sales and enhanced Ad Serving for retailers of any size.

We partnered with 30 retailers across the world with a 300% revenue growth and have been named 39th in the Deloitte Asia Pacific Technology fast 500, identified as a leader in the recent Forrester Sell-Side Retail Media Solutions and won the Technology Scale-up 2021 award.

Our mission is to be the world’s leading retail media platform, with every aspect of our business being world-class.

Job Description

CitrusAd provides e-commerce retailers with a SaaS digital advertising platform that unleashes the potential of an online shelf space. Through its white-label Retail Media Platform, CitrusAd empowers retailers to monetize their site traffic using personalized advertisement solutions including Sponsored Product listings, Responsive Display Banners, Email advertising, Branded Landing pages, and much more.

This Project Manager role will be based in London, UK and will be responsible for the planning, deployment, and ongoing management and projects inside the CitrusAd business.

These projects may include:

Improvement of a Retailer's instance of the CitrusAd platform through Technical Consulting Agreement (TCA)s that includes (but not limited to) new feature development, custom reporting integration as well as integration and infrastructure improvements
Onboarding Retailers onto the CitrusAd platform
Internal Projects

The key responsibilities of the Project Manager in project management are:

Develop and maintain project plans, estimations, specifications, flowcharts, and presentations.
Maintain and follow client budget guidelines.
Seeks innovative ways to remove project obstacles
Provide continuous improvement by re-engineering of processes to ensure quality and efficiency
Perform work independently with little or no direct supervision
Provide regular and timely feedback to team members and clients

About you:

Proven working experience as a Digital Account Manager / Project Manager or similar
In-depth knowledge of online marketing tools and technology
Extensive experience in technical support/customer service role at a SaaS company
Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on the company’s success
Critical thinker and problem-solving skills
Must be self-directed and motivated and able to multitask in a fast-paced ad technology environment.
Experience with any of the following: AdTech, MarTech, Enterprise SaaS, Mobile, Point of Sale, Financial Transaction Systems
Experience with various BI tools/reporting systems (Domo, Looker, PowerBI)
Experience with Google Cloud Platform products (BigQuery, GCP Buckets etc.)
Experience working as a software developer or part of a software development team

Our Perks and Benefits:

Here at CitrusAd we are all about our people. We are one global company made up exclusively of knowledgeable, passionate, and creative individuals with expansive experience coming together to reach shared goals.

Above all, CitrusAd is committed to promoting diversity and inclusivity within the workplace. We want to ensure that no job applicant, temporary worker or employee receives less favorable treatment on the grounds of age, disability, gender and transgender status, race and ethnicity, religion, and belief (including no belief), marriage or civil partnership status or sexual orientation.

Simply put – we love our people and understand it is each of us coming together to create a winning. To support you, we will provide you with:

Consider a career at CitrusAd and be a part of one of the most influential and growing tech companies in our industry.

Where is CitrusAd located?

CitrusAd is globally headquartered out of Brisbane, Australia. With teams across America, Europe, United Kingdom, and Asia. We consider ourselves a flexible employer and many of our team members work remotely in many areas of the world.

Love this job and want to apply?

Click the “Apply” link at the top of the page or apply directly with your LinkedIn. Applying with LinkedIn will import all the information you put in your profile but will still allow you to upload a resume and cover letter.

Do not be discouraged if you do not hear from us right away. We are taking our time to review all resumes, and to find the best people for CitrusAd.

Thanks for your interest in working for CitrusAd. We love it here, and think you will, too.