About the job
At Plain Concepts we are looking for a Sales Lead to join our fast-growing team in UK.
Our vision is to build multidisciplinary teams which directly manage projects in an AGILE way to find and implement the best solutions 😊

What will you do?
Lead client engagements such as Web & Mobile Development, Data modernisation, AI, Mixed Reality
Lead a team of 2 more Business developer Manager.
Manage sales cycle end-to-end, ensure pipeline hygiene.
Open new accounts and grow the existing customer base.
Negotiate commercial and technical terms with C-Suite.
Work with various teams to increase market penetration.

What are we looking for?
Experienced business professional comfortable engaging and working with enterprise executives.
+5 years of account management and market development experience with a track record of success.
Technical sales and/or experience working with legal, financial or media industries are a plus.
London-based role. Understanding of the UK market. UK book of business and/or network are a plus.
Strong team-player and self-starter.
High energy, analytical, resourceful.
Passionate about technology and desire to learn.
Excellent English oral and written communication skills. Spanish is a plus

What we offer:
Salary determined by the market and your experience 🤑
Flexible schedule 35 Hours/week 😎 (no salary reduction)
Fully remote work (optional)
Flexible compensation (restaurant, transport, and childcare) ✌
Medical insurance (completely free of charge for the employee) 🚑
Individual budget for training and free Microsoft certifications 📚
Birthday day off 🌴🥳
Monthly bonus for electricity and Internet expenses at home 💻
Plain Camp (annual team-building event) 🎪
➕ The pleasure of always working with the latest technological tools!

With all this information you already know a lot about us. Will you let us know you better?
The selection process? Simple, just 3 steps: a call and 2 interviews with the team 🤘

And you may wonder… Who is Plain Concepts?
Plain Concepts is made up of 400 people who are passionate about technology, driven by the change towards finding the best solutions for our customers and projects.
Throughout the years, the company has grown thanks to the great technical potential we have and relying on our craziest and most innovative ideas. We currently have over 14 offices in 6 different countries. Our main goal is to keep growing as a team, developing the best and most advanced projects in the market.
We truly believe in the importance of bringing together people from different backgrounds and countries to build the best team, with a diverse and inclusive culture.

What do we do at Plain Concepts?
We are characterized for having a 100% technical DNA. We develop customized projects from scratch, technical consultancy, training, and our own product: Sidra Data Platform 💜
We don’t do body shopping or outsourcing
Our teams are multidisciplinary, and the organizational structure is flat and horizontal
We are very committed to AGILE values
Living is sharing: We help, support, and encourage each other to expand our knowledge internally and also towards the community (with conferences, events, talks…)
We always look for creativity and innovation, even when the idea might seem crazy to others
Transparency is key to any relationship
We make our clients’ ideas and solutions a reality with a high degree of technical excellence, for more information you can visit our website:
➡ https://www.plainconcepts.com/case-studies/
At Plain Concepts, we certainly seek to provide equal opportunities. We want diverse applicants regardless of race, colour, gender, religion, national origin, citizenship, disability, age, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Apply for this job