About the job
We are looking for an Android Engineer to join our fast growing company. You will play a pivotal role in the growth of the organisation owning delivery of projects in order to meet the needs of the business. You will be firmly hands-on, spending the majority of your time developing our Joii Pet Care app. You will recommend tools and technologies as appropriate. You will be excited to work in a high-growth high-paced (we mean it!) organisation and you will thrive when priorities are changeable and timelines are short.

You will contribute to architectural and POC initiatives with the goal of delivering the highest quality experience to our customers. You will be comfortable questioning the status quo and articulating the benefits of change. We value your ability to learn and solve problems above your knowledge of any particular language or tool. You will be working with teams across the business so your ability to communicate technical ideas in a non-technical way is crucial.

Key responsibilities
Working in an agile environment
Collaborate with the team to define top quality product features and solutions
Take the lead on architecting solutions
Deliver functionality swiftly and in working increments
Write clean, efficient, reusable and testable code
Take part in peer code reviews working with the team to review code, style, design, and tests.
Collaborate with the team on product development and technical ideas
Contribute to the development of a product-minded engineering culture
Communicate early and often on progress/status of currently assigned tasks
Identify areas that require documentation creating new or editing existing documentation
Utilise Git source control, continuous integration, and unit testing best practices

Skills
Proven experience in Android Development (Kotlin)
Excellent grasp of SOLID principles, design patterns, and OOP in general
Experience making technical decisions in regards to tools and architecture
Solid knowledge of Gitflow, code reviews, and processes
Enthusiasm for latest Android trends, features, and releases
Experience working with other engineers and architects
Worked in a lean and agile development process, at a minimum Scrum or Kanban
Advocate of unit and integration tests, able to lead other developers in testing practices
Excellent communication skills
Proven experience with best software practices and methodologies
Self-starting, self-motivated, and self-directed

Who are we?
We are Vet-AI, and we are delivering the pet care of the future. Our flagship app, Joii Pet Care was created to make pet care affordable and accessible for all pet owners. Through Joii, pet mums and dads can video call a vet 24/7, use an intelligent pet symptom checker (think NHS 111 but for pets), or seek preventative care through nurse clinics. And yes - it can all be done from the comfort of home - drastically reducing the need for in-person vet trips.

Our mission:
To make pet care affordable and accessible for everyone.
To improve the lives and wellbeing of everyone working within the veterinary industry.
Quite simply, we want vet care to be available to everyone, and to ensure the people who are delivering it with us are as happy as they can be. We’re called Joii, after all.

What You’ll Get
We’re a startup transitioning to a scale-up, so if you like a slow pace we're not the company for you. However, if you do like a supportive team, a fun culture, and the feeling of creating incredible work - you’ll fit right in! Some of the perks you’ll get with us are:
25 days of paid holiday plus the usual UK public holidays
Remote working & flexible hours
Hardware of your choice, plus some extras to help set up your home working space
Social gatherings with the team
Regular Lunch & Learn sessions (basic physics, music production, you name it!)
Access to our newly launching career development scheme, with a dedicated budget to put towards initiatives for your career

Diversity
We believe that surrounding ourselves with different opinions means that we’ll challenge our own assumptions instead of thinking we know the correct answer. We welcome applications from everyone and will foster an encouraging and caring workplace. If you aren’t sure if you qualify, send us your CV anyway.