About the job
About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.

We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!

About The Department

In Emerging Technologies & Incubation (ETI) we build and release new and bold products within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare’s edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.

About The Product

At Cloudflare, we’re investing in consumer privacy : bringing new & differentiated privacy and security capabilities to consumers at scale, democratizing our enterprise features, and introducing the Cloudflare brand to a larger audience beyond site & infrastructure owners. Privacy is core to what we do , and it’s important that we do it without sacrificing performance, security, or the user experience of our products.

Our 1.1.1.1 + WARP Android app makes browsing the Internet safer and more private for millions of users by routing DNS queries through our 1.1.1.1 resolver and encrypting traffic to our edge through our WARP technology.

About You

We’re looking for a Software Engineer to lead the development of our 1.1.1.1 + WARP Android app , who is passionate and unwavering about privacy as well as code quality and documentation .

In your role, you’ll be using Java and Kotlin to work on both the UI and the networking components of the app. You’ll be expected to improve the code quality and build solid, well-documented foundations. While not required, you will be even more successful in this role if you have a good understanding of operating system concepts (virtual memory, multi-threading, process lifecycle, etc.) and networking protocols (IP, TCP, UDP, DNS, QUIC, H/3, etc.). You may also interact with other languages, such as Rust, Swift, C, C++, or JavaScript.

We expect you to make significant contributions to the design and implementation of major development projects, working closely with our product managers, designers, and other engineers within the company to lead the development and improvement of the WARP Android app.

This is a remote-friendly position. Even if you work from one of our offices, we expect you to be comfortable working in distributed teams, and to have excellent communication skills .

Your Responsibilities

Lead the development of the Android app: develop features from design and architecture to implementation and tests
Establish and maintain high standards for code quality, tests, and documentation, to uphold the reliability and stability of the product
Collaborate with multi-functional teams and stakeholders (product management, design, etc.) spread across different time zones
Present your work and give demos to colleagues and internal stakeholders
Advocate for end-user privacy in all steps of the development process

What we need from you

Demonstrable experience working on Android consumer-facing or enterprise apps
Experience designing and producing very high-quality software with excellent documentation
Familiarity with core networking protocols (IP, TCP, UDP, DNS, QUIC, H/3, etc.), OS networking APIs, and VPN technologies (such as WireGuard)
Familiarity with core concepts of operating systems, especially Android’s (virtual memory, multi-threading, process lifecycle management, etc.)
Ability to communicate, collaborate, and work effectively in a distributed team
A kind and generous attitude towards customers and co-workers alike

What would make your even more successful

An understanding of how VPN technology works, and the trade-offs between privacy, security, and anonymity
An understanding of the web and browser technologies, such as building web applications or services
Familiarity with debugging network-related problems
Experience working on a consumer product
Experience working on a privacy-centric product or organization
Familiarity with DevOps practices and technologies
Low-level OS knowledge of Android or Linux

What Makes Cloudflare Special?

We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.

Project Galileo : We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.

Athenian Project : We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.

Path Forward Partnership : Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.

1.1.1.1 : We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.

Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!

This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.

Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.

Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.