About the job
We provide an SDK that mobile app developers will integrate into their app portfolio. This is a critical component to our product, it requires a great deal of care and attention when we prepare a release, where the quality of code shipped must be at its highest.

This senior role is focused on mobile, our SDK’s are written in Java (Android) and Objective-C (iOS), they interact with a Restful API which is maintained by other teams and display ads via a webview whose content is also controlled by another team.

You will be reporting into our SDK Engineering Manager, and your job description is as follows:
Work on Tapjoy’s advertising Android/iOS SDKs and Unity plugin.
Collaborate to design and scope out upcoming features.
Write high quality and well tested code when implementing features.
Diagnose issues reported from our Integrations team.
You
B.S or M.S in Computer Science or equivalent
Have at least 3 years commercial experience building and maintaining production-ready mobile SDKs or applications in Android/iOS.
Have commercial experience and a good understanding of Java/Objective-C.
Enjoy reviewing your peers' work, either through pull requests or otherwise, and know how to establish and encourage quality code being written.
Proficient in Git.
Experience in writing clean code, carefully considering the overall design of the codebase.
Experience writing tested code.
Some knowledge/experience with CI/CD tools.
Able to write clear documentation of the interfaces you build and/or maintain.
Can communicate design decisions with your colleagues in a comprehensible way.
Know when to ask for help when you don’t know something.
Keen to debate effectively without animosity.
Bonus
Experience with iOS development using Objective-C
Familiar with Unity or similar engine and building apps to Android and/or iOS.
If you have built a library or framework that other developers have integrated either internally or externally.
Have integrated a mobile advertising SDK in a previous capacity.
Basic Javascript knowledge
Basic C# knowledge
Experience writing either Swift/Kotlin
Experience with Gradle
Experience with Cocoapods
Experience with BigQuery or other database analysis tools
Benefits
Extra days off: 25 days holiday plus bank holidays and 4 extra days per year for ironWeekends
Private Health Insurance Plans: Your health including optical and dental matters to us.
A Remote-Friendly Culture: We are spread out across the world, ranging from London, Minsk to San Francisco, Tel Aviv and New York.
Cycle to Work Scheme
Pet-friendly Offices: