About the job
About us:
At Intractable, we are passionate about empowering people through technology. We are an early-stage startup founded by an ex-Apple engineer, and are building innovative mobile educational products.

This is a fixed term role (4 to 6 months, flexible, option to extend) for Senior Software Engineer (Android/Mobile), starting immediately.

About your role as Android Engineer:
Drive the design and development of MVVM-based mobile application framework and interactive learning system.
Design and implement internal frameworks in Kotlin to manage event handling, data synchronization with servers, client/server databases, shared utilities, and peer-to-peer/client-server network communication.
Develop features and workflows for advanced learning tasks, multi-user interaction, messaging.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional team that spans engineering, art, and design.
Investigate new problem-solving approaches, develop experimental software prototypes, and integrate prototypes into production line.
Write high quality production code that scales to large user base.
Design and write functional tests to maintain high standard of software quality.
Launch new features into production on a regular basis.
Enhance the code quality with continuous refactoring of codebase and refining the architecture.
Work in Agile environment with iterative development process.
Contribute to the development of product roadmap, with focus on shipping innovative features for a global user base.

Qualifications:
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related area.
Professional experience in mobile application development for Android or iOS platforms.
Strong programming skills in languages like Kotlin, Swift, Java, Objective-C, C#, or C++.
Familiarity with Kotlin flows and coroutines, MVVM design, concurrency techniques, asynchronous programming, reactive programming, data serialization (protocol buffers or similar), dependency injection frameworks, design patterns, app architectures.

Position:
Full-time
Mid-level, Senior

Benefits:
Competitive compensation, DOE.
Vacation days in addition to public holidays.

How to apply:
Email your cover letter and resume to careers@intractableltd.com.

Equality Statement:
We believe deeply in creating a strong company culture with equal opportunity for everyone regardless of their personal characteristics like race, disability, ethnicity, age, sex, sexual orientation, religion. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace in which everyone is valued for being who they are.