About the job
About the role!

We are looking for an ambitious iOS Engineer to join our fast growing company. You will play a pivotal role in the growth of the organisation owning delivery of projects in order to meet the needs of the business. You will be firmly hands-on, spending the majority of your time developing our Joii Pet Care app. You will contribute to architectural and POC initiatives with the objective of delivering the highest quality experience to our customers. You will be comfortable questioning the status quo and articulating the benefits of change.

Key Responsibilities
Communication between with the product team, backend, and other engineers to define top quality product features and solutions.
Leadership on architecting solutions with the aim to always select the appropriate technologies and approach. As well as, mentoring other developers and working in a multidisciplinary team.
Participate in peer code reviews working with teammates to review code, style, design, and tests. Use peer reviews as a space to grow and be challenged where solutions can be collectively analyzed and improved.
Collaborate with the other engineers on the team on product development, product road mapping and technical ideas. Contribute to the development of a product-minded engineering culture.
Identify areas that require new or amended documentation as well as new technologies and frameworks. We are planning to migrate to SwiftUI and Combine soon.
Utilise Git source control, continuous integration, and unit testing best practices.
Define the software architecture of new apps or new features for existing apps—and then develop them. The work spans broadly, from engineering and coding features to polishing user interfaces and contributing to the UX design.

Requirements
Proven professional experience in iOS Development (Swift), with experience across the whole app development lifecycle
Good understanding of reactive and functional programming
Solid knowledge of Gitflow, code reviews, and processes
Experience in a lean, Agile environment
Strong advocate of unit and integration tests, able to communicate and lead other developers in testing practices
Possess excellent communication skills


About Us!

We are Vet-AI, and we are delivering the pet care of the future. Our flagship app, Joii Pet Care was created to make pet care affordable and accessible for all pet owners. Through Joii, pet mums and dads can video call a vet 24/7, use an intelligent pet symptom checker (think NHS 111 but for pets), or seek preventative care through nurse clinics. And yes - it can all be done from the comfort of home - drastically reducing the need for in-person vet trips.

Our mission:
To make pet care affordable and accessible for everyone.
To improve the lives and wellbeing of everyone working within the veterinary industry.


What we offer
Big impact. Your work will help shape the pet care industry. We are working hard to change the status quo and help pets and pet parents across the globe access better and more affordable care.
Great team. You’ll work alongside very talented and dedicated people. We're all about growth, collaboration, and support.
Cool tech stack. We strive to use the best, most modern tools and technologies, and when they fall short of our expectations, we invent our own.
Own products. We don’t work for clients, we build awesome products. Everyone contributes towards achieving a great customer experience and a better product every step of the way.
Growth. We encourage everyone to continuously grow and get out of their comfort zone. You will be supported in any initiatives that will help you or the company grow. We are working hard on developing a personal development plan.
Remote working. You can work from anywhere. We've always been a remote team and we've matured the process over the years. Covid aside, we'll continue to work remotely for the foreseeable future.
Flexible schedule. Our regular hours are 9-5 GMT/BST, but this isn’t a “clock in, clock out” company. You’re fully trusted to create the right conditions for your own personal peak productivity. We only ask that you’re available to your teammates for 5-6 hours a day and attend daily standups at 10am UK time.
Exposure to AI R&D. Our team of data scientists is currently working on cutting edge research into how AI can be used in veterinary medicine. We expect to move forward with a deep integration with our products in the next 12 months.

Diversity
We’re building an inclusive and diverse team. As an equal opportunity employer, we celebrate diversity and encourage members of traditionally underrepresented backgrounds to apply, including people of colour, women, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ+ people. We're also committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and fostering an encouraging and caring workplace. We welcome applicants from everyone of all life experiences, as we truly believe that surrounding ourselves with different opinions means that we’ll challenge our own assumptions instead of thinking we know the correct answer. If you aren’t sure if you qualify, send us your CV anyway. We’ll take the time to look over your application and give you feedback.

Apply below or send your CV directly to tristan.oneill@vet-ai.com