About the job
Lead Android Developer
Start date: ASAP
Role Type: Permanent
Salary: £65,000 - £85,000
Location/remote: Remote

About The Company
My client's mission is to help their customers to help you lose weight and create a healthy lifestyle. An Award-Winning business going through a period of growth looking for talented, creative, and unique people to join their team. With an ideas-first culture, where you would be listened to and the staff feel valued in a fun and exciting work environment.

Key Responsibilities
As the Lead Android Developer, you will lead and mentor a small team of Android developers and will assist in the recruitment and onboarding of all new team members.
You will work with the Product Owners and Engineering Manager to ensure the development team has a full understanding of the technical and business requirements of each project and to plan and implement new features, fixes and improvements within the Android application.
You will lead the development and architecture of our Android applications and their integration with backend services.
You will monitor the quality of the Android applications and work alongside other teams to ensure our applications stay consistent over all platforms.
Ensuring that all Android products are fully functional and tested before being pushed to production.
Collaborate with the Product Owner and other Platform Leads to review, define, design, and ship new features to ensure a seamless experience across all platforms.

Essentials we are looking for
A minimum of 5 years of experience developing native Android applications using Kotlin.
Experience of building native applications that have been approved for the Playstore for both Android and Huawei devices.
Experience of leading and mentoring a development team.
Excellent degree of communication skills and experience working with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Excellent attention to detail.
Knowledge of Jira, GitHub, Confluence.

If this role sounds like you, please send your CV to k.bryant@insight-rec.com