About the job
TLDR: We're looking for a Senior Engineer with strong backend engineering experience, together with proven experience, and a passion for performance engineering.

About Postman.

Postman is the world's leading collaboration platform for API development. Postman's features simplify each step of building an API and streamline collaboration to help create better APIs—faster. More than 20 million developers and 500,000 organizations worldwide use Postman today. Here's a timeline of Postman's journey in becoming an API Platform.

P.S: We highly recommend reading The "API-First World" graphic novel to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.

After receiving Series D funding in 2021 & releasing our biggest & best version ever of Postman in September 2022, we continue to strive humbly towards our mission of 100 million connected developers & serving companies as they seek to innovate in an API-first world.

Our customers are doing more and more astounding things with the Postman product every day, and as a result, we are growing rapidly.

The team.

The performance engineering team is responsible for improving the user-perceived performance for product flows used by millions of users every day. The performance engineering team also builds and owns tools & infrastructure that help our product teams build high-performant user experiences and APIs.

We are looking for an experienced technical leader with a strong passion for performance. You’ll work closely with engineering leaders and our product teams to achieve our mission of creating the next 100M developers in the world.

The team is spread across India and Europe and we're open to considering candidates in either location(s).

What You'll Do.

Work with product leadership to define impactful improvements to the product
Partner with peers in product, design & engineering to understand their needs and pain points to craft better capabilities, standards, and tools to deliver a high performant user experience
Identify and build tooling to support the engineering teams to test, debug, improve, and monitor performance for web/desktop UIs and APIs
Proactively identify areas where our existing platform is failing to scale and/or does not or will not meet our standards for best-in-class user experience and performance.
Advocate and influence across teams and functions to level up Postman’s performance standards
Mentor early-career and experienced engineers to bring out the best in them and help them succeed at Postman
Help engineers develop new skills and advance in their careers

About You.

4 years + hands on backend focused software engineering experience.
Proven experience in, and a passion for performance engineering.
Experience establishing user-centric performance metrics and monitoring them in lab and real user environments.
Experience building APIs with millions of users across the world on fast release cycles.
A deep understanding of the capabilities and constraints of distributed systems and microservices patterns.
A strong sense of what excellent experiences look like and how to build them.
Experience collaborating across engineering teams and senior leadership.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Alignment with our Values
Lots of smiles :)

Nice to Have.

A passion for teaching and making others more productive.
A willingness to get into the unglamorous details of building modern distributed systems

Our Values.

At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.

What Else.

We offer competitive salary and benefits, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team. Enjoy full medical coverage (in eligible regions), unlimited PTO, and a monthly lunch stipend. (Yes, seriously. We want you to eat well wherever you’re at.) Plus, our wellness program will help you stay healthy from your location with fitness-related reimbursements. Our frequent and fascinating virtual team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about.

We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves, and we want you to be part of it.

Equal Opportunity.

At Postman, diversity means we implement informed policies and practices to grow a company that reflects global experiences and identities while treating each person with fairness and dignity. Inclusion is the choice we make each day and with every interaction, to foster a workplace and world where people of all backgrounds not only belong but excel. We understand that together, we succeed better.

Postman is unapologetically committed to Equal Opportunity Employment. We proudly offer equal employment opportunities to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodations through the hiring process, please let us know early by emailing us: accommodations@postman.com. We want to give you every opportunity to show us the star that you are. Join us, why dontcha?