About the job
Company description
Cloud technology startup - Headquartered in the US with R&D based in Sofia, Bulgaria
Product Innovation - Cloud NAS, built as SaaS, cloud-native file system
Team - A dream team of 95+ dedicated individuals
Mission - To make data universally, securely, and seamlessly accessible to everyone, everywhere

We are storage and networking experts building the Cloud NAS. Remote cloud collaboration is now a requirement, and we are transforming the $40B NAS market. Our unique cloud-native file system addresses many distributed storage and security problems inherent when working remotely over the Internet.
With a focus on simplicity, security, and performance, we've reached a new milestone in our journey, and we're looking to expand our team with more talented members.

Job Description
You will be part of our core engineering team of world-class software and devops engineers, building a product with no equivalent. You’ll have the opportunity to learn and advance professionally by working with various technologies, developing automated and scalable cloud solutions.

Your skills and qualifications:
2 years of experience in the field.
Experience with the major devops tools - Ansible, Terraform, Docker/Kubernetes.
Experience in automating the entire software development pipeline including CI/CD, continuous testing, app performance monitoring, infrastructure settings.
Experience with various cloud providers - AWS, DigitalOcean is a plus.
Extensive experience administering Linux servers. Windows and macOS experience is a plus.
Software security skills - security and vulnerability management, compliance monitoring.
Coding skills - Python, Bash, Git.
Good English, both spoken and written.

Your responsibilities:
Design and develop highly scalable fault-tolerant solutions as part of the core software development team.
Perform routine application maintenance to ensure the production environment runs smoothly. Develop maintenance requirements and procedures.
Handle outages, provide resolution and root cause analysis, including post-mortems, and further mitigation/prevention actions.
Analyze the technology currently being used to improve and enhance LucidLink’s infrastructure.
Enhance LucidLink’s monitoring system to “know about each problem before the customer does”.
Enhance existing CI/CD pipelines to optimize software delivery and guarantee consistency and reliability.

The ideal team member possesses the following personal traits:
Shares our core values.
Is a team player.
Is smart with an analytical mindset.
Is result-oriented and self-motivated.
Has a positive, can-do attitude.
Is thriving in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Has a strong desire to constantly learn while helping others do the same.

We offer:
Stock option plan.
Competitive salary based on experience and skills.
Additional vacation days based on your needs so you can maintain a healthy work-life balance.
Personal assistant to help run your daily errands so you can focus on the things you enjoy.
Flexible working hours and work location.
Company-sponsored sport cards for you and one companion.
Fresh fruits and other snacks in the office at all times and a company-sponsored team lunch every Friday.
A full-coverage health care package that includes dental care and medical supplies.
Boutique office located in downtown Sofia, in a brand-new facility near National Theatre Ivan Vazov.