About the job
Job Overview
We are looking for a skilled full stack developer to support the efforts of the Data Department. In this role, you will be required to design, write and maintain code for our current and future projects.
The role requires an individual who is passionate about web applications, cloud computing and data. It is a great opportunity for someone to join a team that is transforming itself into making decisions in a data driven way.

Responsibilities and Duties
Developing web apps (front-end & back-end)
Designing and developing APIs
Meeting both technical and consumer needs,
Staying abreast of developments in web applications and programming languages.
Familiarity with Agile and Scrum
Familiarity with database technology such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle
Proficiency with Version Control System such as Git or Bitbucket
Familiarity with Linux servers for deployment such as RHEL, CentOS and Ubuntu,
Familiarity with Web servers such as Nginx, Apache
Familiarity with Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes will be added advantage

As a developer in the data team you will need to be experienced with the following technologies:
Javascript
AngularJS
PHP
MySQL
HTML
CSS

Nice to have knowledge with any of the below technologies:
NodeJS
Angular 2 +
Typescript
GCP technologies (Cloud Build, Cloud Run, BigQuery)
Docker
Kubernetes
Ansible

Working Conditions
Full-Time Job - Hybrid (Malta) or Remote (EU)
Monday to Friday - 40 hours per week
Flexible working options
Located in St. Julian’s, Malta
Our Benefits
Private Health Insurance
Car Park Space
Annual Performance Bonus
Wellness Allowance
Exciting company events throughout the year

If you are interested in this position, please send your CV and Cover letter in English by email to: careers@gamelounge.com before the 10th November 2022.

Game Lounge is the iGaming IDOL 2021 award winner for Employer of the Year.

At Game Lounge Limited we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Data provided will be strictly used for the matters of the recruitment process with Game Lounge Limited.