About the job
Aiven is a hypergrowth Platform-as-a-Service company offering the best in open-source and data technologies on multiple cloud platforms.

Headquartered in Helsinki with hubs in Berlin, Boston, Paris, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo and Toronto, Aiven provides managed open-source data technologies, such as PostgreSQL, Apache Kafka and M3, on all major clouds.

In 2022, we raised Series D funding of $210M to fuel our global expansion, the comprehensiveness of our platform and to focus on new programs in sustainability and diversity in tech.

Open source is at our core. We compensate our employees who contribute to open source outside of their daily work with Aiven and we have set up an Open Source Program Office (OSPO), to actively focus on giving back to the open-source community.

Our Mission and Values

Aiven’s mission is to enable customers to drive business results from open source, transforming their businesses. We love to operate our favorite tools at scale and empower our customers, in over 60 countries, to do great work.

We live our values of courage, openness and ownership every day, and continually strive to ensure that every Aivener is empowered to contribute creatively and meaningfully, in a work environment where they have the tools to succeed and the comfort and support to be themselves.

(Helsinki, Berlin, or Europe Remote)

We are now looking for a Full-Stack Open Source Developer to join our new Open Source Project Klaw.

Klaw is an open source data governance tool for Apache Kafka®. It provides a self-service web interface for Kafka topics, ACLs and schemas.

This position is open to candidates in Europe, Canada, US and many other countries around the world.

Aiven operates sizable managed Apache Kafka and Apache Flink clusters on behalf of our customers. In order to offer a great data pipelining solution, Aiven created several Open Source connectors for both Kafka and Flink.

Your role is to contribute to the development of Aiven’s Open Source projects in the Apache Kafka and Apache Flink ecosystem. This includes working on control panel applications and different monitoring sites for our open source projects. All your work is contributed to the open source community.

You will collaborate with other full-stack developers, whose focus is on Aiven’s commercial products, on using and improving Aiven’s design system.

Requirements

Strong programming skills in JavaScript (React)
Understanding of static typing
Prior contributions to Open Source Projects
Experience in using Linux in development
Fluency in English, verbal and written

What we value:

Experience in building control panel websites
Hands-on experience with Apache Kafka
Good understanding of security (software, networking)
Previous experience with Typescript
Experience in microservices architectures, API-based and event-driven architecture
Experience with extra programming languages like Java is welcome

Benefits

A dynamic environment in a rapidly growing, international business
An agile working environment with short decision paths
Compensation for open-source contributions made in your free time
Flexible working hours, including remote work
Paid time off for vacation, personal reasons, illness, parental leaves, and public holidays
Choose the devices and tools that make you work the best including a mobile phone and subscription
Grow-with-the-flow with access to an individual learning budget, our Aiven Library, individual coaching, and popular online learning platforms
Home office furniture and internet stipend for fully-remote Aiveners
Participation in employee stock option plan
Our Employee Assistance Program and other wellness programs
Offices packed with snacks, soft drinks, treats, and fruits

You will be part of a highly-skilled, tight-knit and growing team, making your contribution essential to what is becoming a truly unique success story. If you’re interested, send us your application and we'll take it from there.

As well as the above Global Benefits, we have regional benefits specific to your country of residence. We would be happy to discuss these further with you during the interview process.

Equal Opportunities

Aiven provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to age, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, religion, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability, marital and family status or without regard to any other similar personal attributes.

Aiven complies with applicable local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company operates. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and any other terms and conditions related to employment.

At Aiven we are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities or special needs in our working environment and job application procedures. We make all reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities or who otherwise need support to thrive in the workplace. We are committed to continuously improving workplace accessibility. There is an option to request a discussion in the application process but if you have any questions before applying please reach out to recruitment@aiven.io.