About the job
One of the companies we work with is looking for a NodeJS Developer to join the team.
Remote candidates must be living (or willing to live) in: Spain.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

We are looking for a highly motivated senior software engineer with a passion for doing things right with meticulous detail. The individual's primary role will be to support and develop applications for our global vendor marketplace to enable couples and planners to find them .

As a senior engineer on this team, you’ll be a technical leader. You’ll draw on your technical expertise to ensure these systems have high uptime and strong performance while working with other technical leaders to build a longer term roadmap to match the needs of an ever growing engineering organization.

You will join an experienced, high performing team of engineers actively working in this problem space. You will partner closely with the product management, applied research, data science / engineering, infrastructure, and UI teams and provide leadership on cross-functional projects. You will work with the team to drive technical direction and make our Search system even more resilient, flexible, and scalable to support new use cases, more traffic, and host increasingly more complex systems across a global footprint.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Leverage skills and experience to implement product features that are well architected, tested, and understandable.
Actively participate in the ideation and execution of product roadmap, architecture discussions, and Agile planning.
Promote best practices surrounding testing, continuous integration, code standards, etc.
Develop test strategies, design automation frameworks, write unit/functional tests to drive up code coverage and automation metrics.
Present your own designs to internal/external groups and review designs of others
Provide mentorship to junior members of the team

SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES HAVE:
5+ years overall engineering experience.
3+ years hands-on proven track record implementing JavaScript frontend applications and/or scalable backend APIs.
Ability to work with project teams located in multiple geographic locations.
Fluent enough in English to be comfortable communicating and coordinating with teams in the US.
Experience working in an Agile, TDD environment.
Experience with production Node.js solutions.
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Experience with Hapi.js is a plus.
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes a plus
AWS Infrastructure (s3, lambda, elasticsearch, postgres, route53)
Proficiency in RESTful APIs and API Communications (Graphql)
Good Grasp of Asynchronous Programming and its workarounds
Data services and Database Schema Creation for Business Processes (SQL, NoSql, Postgres, MySql, Elasticsearch,and Redis)
Working Knowledge in User Authentication and Authorization (JWT)
Experience in Implementing Data Protection CCPA and GDPR)
Error handling Skill (ELK Stack, sumo logic)
Ability to design, architect, and communicate business requirements

Joppy is a tech recruitment platform built for developers by developers.
✅ No CV required. Just say what you know and what you want.
✅ Anonymous profile by default.
✅ You choose who can talk to you. Companies can't write to you until you accept their offer.
✅ Only relevant offers matching your preferences. No more Javascript offers for Java developers.
✅ Get a reward if you get hired.
Keep an eye on tech job opportunities anonymously and match the job that makes you happy.