About the job
Job Description

You will join the team driving the digital transformation of three company sites across Europe.

We accompany Industry 4.0 projects from brainstorming to prototyping and implementation in production and infrastructure.

To achieve this, they work with a wide range of modern agile software development methods, data science, machine learning, operations research, statistics and scientific computing, and we rely on flat hierarchies in our teams.

Role & Responsibilities

As part of their interdisciplinary team, you will develop front-end solutions for Industry 4.0 projects, such as software to optimise our Verbundsite or AI-based assistance systems for production and logistics.
You will accompany projects throughout the entire process, from the conception to the implementation of the solution, and will be responsible for your own sub-area.
To ensure this, we will make sure to equip you with modern development tools such as our GitLab server or our Azure-based cloud platform. In addition, our mainframe "Quriosity" will be at your disposal.
You will work closely with colleagues on site and with an interdisciplinary network of experts. The focus of your work will depend on your interests and skills.

Skills & Qualifications

Master's degree above-average in (business-) informatics, natural sciences, applied mathematics, engineering or a comparable discipline.
Solid knowledge of Typescript and/or JavaScript and experience in developing web applications
Experience in cloud computing (AWS and/or Azure)
Knowledge on frontend frameworks such as Vue.js, Angular, React, Dash is an advantage.
Experience with agile methods (Lean Startup, Scrum, Kanban) and elements of DevOps (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD, unit testing)
Enjoy making a difference and creating tangible results that are used directly by customers and partners

Benefits

A secure work environment is always our top priority because of your health, safety, and wellbeing.
Flexible work schedule and Home-office options, so that you can balance your working life and private life.
Learning and development opportunities.
30 holiday days per year.
A collaborative, trustful, and innovative work environment.
Being part of an international team and working on global projects.
Relocation assistance to Madrid was provided.