About the job
ABOUT US
Tiendeo is the multichannel solution that connects businesses with millions of shoppers around the world through our AI-driven technology.

We help brands and retailers optimize their marketing strategies, reaching their audiences throughout the customer journey and driving customers to visit physical stores.

In 2022, we joined ShopFully, the tech company that is reinventing local shopping worldwide (shopfully.com). With teams in 12 countries, a network of 45 million active users and over 400 partnerships with major retailers and the best-known brands around the world, ShopFully is the European champion and an international leading player in Drive to Store.

Want to learn more? Visit our website for more information or to connect with us.


IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL
In the role of NodeJs and React developer you will have the opportunity to work within one of our cross-functional Tech teams, developing our content solutions, in particular you will work on:
Evolution of existing solutions in order to generate new features with a focus on speed and performance
Support web, data and operations teams in defining new development solutions



SKILLS WE’RE SEARCHING FOR
Strong experience as an .NodeJs & React Developer
Familiarity with the NodeJs, React, Postgresql and design/architectural patterns
Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST)
Experience in working in a distributed environment (e.g microservices architectures)
Proven ability to communicate effectively in written form, both in Spanish and English
Curiosity and willing to keeps up to date, try new tools and libraries, a constant attention in improving and enhancing the projects you work on


NICE TO HAVE
Experience in backend applications such as .Net.
Experience in Styled components and ReduxJs
Microservices Event Driven Architecture (e.g RabbitMQ)
Experience with containers as K8s and Docker
Knowledge of gitlab and jenkins pipelines
Experience working with Agile methodologies (e.g Scrum, Kanban)

COMMITMENT AND CONTRACT
Full-time, permanent or Freelance

WHAT WE OFFER
An opportunity to build your experience in an internationally growing scale-up company.
A young and informal work environment.
Flexibility in your time of entry and exit: this is one of the most valued benefits by our employees.
English classes: you will have the opportunity of taking weekly classes to improve your level.
Annual individual budget for training: you manage your own budget to spend on education, from short-workshops to online courses or semester-long classes!