About the job
Role Description
We’re looking for full-stack software engineers to help us build Prezi, the virtual collaboration tool that's changing how our customers work together in the hybrid office. As part of the Prezi Engineering community, you will collaborate with other teams, mentor less-experienced engineers, and advocate for clean, maintainable, and testable code in a work environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and grow. Your impact will help millions of people build and deliver moving stories. You’ll have the opportunity to pick between different teams working on various aspects of our product ranging from teams focused on new product experiences to ones focused on growth or revenue. At the end of this page, you’ll find a list of the current teams looking for new members.
To get to know our global hiring process please have a look at this chart.
Looking under the Prezi hood, our backends are written mostly in Python using Django as a framework (with a couple of Scala services mixed in), all running on Kubernetes , while our frontend is written in Typescript using React .
If you like splitting your time between frontend and backend work and have experience with these or a similar stack and you’re ready to push your skills to the next level by tackling the challenge of integrating apps to and with Prezi, then we would love to talk to you! Prezi has hubs in Berlin, Budapest, Riga, and San Francisco, and we are a virtual first company. For this position, we are looking for someone in the EU and UK time zones, so you’ll have the flexibility to work remotely. The best part: you’ll be part of an awesome team that highly appreciates visual communication, believes that together we are greater than the sum of our parts, and cares deeply about those around us. At Prezi, we celebrate the diversity of our customers and our employees. We employ people from all backgrounds to build a product for everyone. We’re looking for people who can bring in their different perspectives and help us on our mission to reinvent how people share knowledge, tell stories, and inspire audiences to act.
Integration Team
We are hiring for the following teams:
In an effort to continually enhance the Prezi Video experience, this team is responsible for building integrations between Prezi and our partner video conferencing apps, content platforms, and productivity apps. Your work will directly impact the user’s experience, from using Prezi Video in their favorite video chat to importing content to make their virtual presentations wow.
Video Experience Team
The Video Experience team exists in order to increase the number of engaged users in Prezi Video. This team is the "hub of the wheel" that improves the user experience overall in the product (“in the product” means Prezi Video and the supported platforms and integrations, not parts like segmentation for example though). It includes the output of all other teams with the purpose of an overall desirable Prezi Video experience. A great Video Experience is seamless for the user (e.g. removes unnecessary friction), and gets users fast to desired branded live experiences and use cases that occur daily instead of monthly. As a team, we have the opportunity to optimize the UX of Prezi Video around the future of virtual meetings.
Business Platform Team
The Business Platform team works on an exciting mix of platform services and user-facing features. Everything related to signup/upgrade flows, payments, licensing, provisioning, account, and/or team management lands on our desk. Besides, we build and maintain tools to improve the way our Support, Marketing, Sales and Customer Success teams interact with our customers.
The Growth teams: Growth & Monetization, User Acquisition and PQL
In the three Growth teams, we work on optimizing user flows on our website through experimentation, and we help Prezi's business decisions by measuring how people behave. All three teams have specific business goals, but we often work together, as our ways of working and mentality is similar. Together, our Growth teams form a large cross-functional group: our teammates cover all fields necessary for our success, including engineering, design, data analytics and marketing. If you are looking for a job where your contributions as an engineer would drive a directly measurable impact, we think you would enjoy working in one of the Growth teams.
Layout & Authoring
The Layout & Authoring team is taking care of the Prezi Design editor - a next-generation data visualization tool built as a single-page application. Our stack is all JavaScript, and we're keen to experiment with the latest technologies. You will be able to contribute to solutions that improve the perception and understanding of data, promote usability, and support our high standards for design. Your work will directly impact thousands of customers who publish visualizations for millions to see.