About the job
Want to be part of building something totally new? Want to be member of one of the Great Places to Work® in Spain?
Gofore is an international company with a strong presence in the private and public sector, driving digitalization and business transformation for our customers in Smart Cities, eGovernment, Industry 4.0, and many more.
Our team in Madrid is looking for an energetic, open-minded, and curious person, who is always eager to learn more and help colleagues with continuous improvement.
Your experience:
You have a minimum of 5 years hands-on experience in the software development industry.
You are experienced in one or more of these technologies: Spring, Typescript,Node.js, Ansible, Kubernetes, Docker, but you have been through so many different technologies that you are motivated to learn new ones.
Front-end frameworks such as React, Angular or Vue are also familiar to you.
You are comfortable to work with relational and non-relational databases.
You love the elegant code that is easy to maintain and develop.
You prefer working in teams but are not afraid to be the driver in projects.
You have a customer-oriented attitude when communicating with non-technical people.

Extra points if you have experience with:
React Native, GraphQL, Gitlab CI, or microservices and queue messaging frameworks such as RabbitMQ, Kafka.
Public cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure or GCP.
Also, you know and appreciate the principles of software development and web application security practices such as OWASP.
Experience in an international environment and experience with testing and agile methodologies such as Scrum.
Benefits:
Our team is the best in our field, and we offer a complete employment package:
Competitive salary of +45K and a fixed contract.
Flexible work schedule (8 hours per day including lunch time).
Remote work mode.
Restaurant & Transport tickets, and private healthcare insurance on top of your salary.
Thirteen days a year for your own personal development.
You choose to work with the latest MacBook Pro or Lenovo X1 models.
Enjoy Nordic-inspired flat hierarchies, lean working methods, and cultural diversity in multidisciplinary teams.
If all these things sound like your dream job, don’t hesitate to contact us! Apply here and join the crew!

*Being fluent in English and have residency or working Visa in Spain is required for this position.