About the job
Veeva is a mission-driven organization that aspires to help our customers in Life Sciences and Regulated industries bring their products to market, faster. We are shaped by our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. Our teams develop transformative cloud software, services, consulting, and data to make our customers more efficient and effective in everything they do. Veeva is a work anywhere company. You can work at home, at a customer site, or in an office on any given day. As a Public Benefit Corporation , you will also work for a company focused on making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.

The Role

As a Full Stack Engineer, you will contribute to the success of a market-leading data intelligence product that connects Life Sciences with Key People.

You will develop and maintain a web platform optimized for lean data capturing which is used by over a thousand data curators all over the world. Your tasks will include the development of both front- and back-end components, integrating them as well as working closely with Product Managers and Data Operations teams to envision new features and optimizations.

What You'll Do

Develop new modules for data capturing platform
Implement improvements to existing functionalities
Integrate software components into a full solution
Work with very large data sets
Focus on application performance, its ergonomics, and usability
Analyze feature requirements, provide technical feedback and estimations

Requirements

3+ years of work experience with modern web application development
Passion for writing high-quality code in JavaScript/Typescript
Strong practical knowledge of Web technologies (HTML5, CSS, NodeJS, Angular, RxJS)
Deep interest and expertise in building data-intensive applications
Very good understanding of data modeling and storage using SQL and NoSQL databases (Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB, or similar)
Very good spoken and written communication skills in English
Agile mindset
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Located in Spain

Nice to Have

Hands-on experience with cloud technology stack (AWS, GCP or Azure)
Advanced knowledge of MongoDB (e.g. complex aggregations, performance tuning)
Data visualization skills using BI tools (Tableau, Superset, or similar)

#RemoteSpain Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world. Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.