About the job
kevin. is a startup with a bright present and even brighter future. Here we dream big, and then we commit to making those dreams come true. We have already built things that were never built before - in-app payments, card redirect, and there is more to come.

How did we manage that? By hiring people that are talented, driven, ambitious. Our company provides an environment where people like that can flourish - they can learn, explore, innovate. And they do just that!

So come join us and add rocket fuel to your career! kevin. is a great place to explore paths that were not explored before, and actually make impactful decisions.

As our new Senior Software Engineer, you will:

Have a chance to advocate the best practices in software development and improve the day-to-day of kevin.’s developers. Developer Experience team is part of our Core domain and the main objective for our team is to enable others to perform their best. We are making sure that all the engineers in kevin. have access to the right tools and technologies.

You will be on the front of making technical decisions and sharing your knowledge with other engineers. You don’t need to worry about legacy code and you will be given freedom to try out any groundbreaking technology you think will suit us.

You will be working on developing proof-of-concepts for improvements in other engineering teams, like:
CI/CD pipelines
Progressive delivery
Infrastructure
Frameworks
Best practices

What you need to be successful:
Mid/senior experience with backend development in Java/Kotlin or TypeScript
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Understanding of OOP principles, clean & good code design
Experience designing RESTful APIs, microservices
Knowledge of Messaging Queues (RabbitMQ, SNS/SQS)
Experience with relational databases such as MySQL, PostgreSQL
Familiar with testing best practices and JUnit

Those will be considered a plus:
Experience with AWS
Experience with multi-cloud solutions
Previous experience in a horizontal team like DevEx, SRE, Platform

We don’t play games when it comes to compensation packages and benefits for our employees. Our remuneration ranges from €5720 to €6990, based on your experience and competence. We not only provide competitive salaries, but we also offer several extra benefits, such as short- and long-term incentives, private health insurance, and much more. So if you’re looking for stability and comfort with a bit of excitement sprinkled in here and there, then kevin. is the place for you!

What will you get in addition:
Competitive salary.
Flexible salary payments - pick if you want to get your salary weekly, monthly or twice a month (applicable only for Lithuania based employees).
Freedom to create, innovate, and make impactful decisions.
Flexible working schedule – just bring us the result on time.*
Talented and committed team members - the best of their fields.
Full ownership of your tasks and decisions.
Private Health Insurance.
Full compliance with local law requirements and labour code.
Expectations on location may apply depending on role and seniority

kevin.’s advanced A2A (account-to-account) payment infrastructure solution was created to swiftly change costly card payments to payments linked directly from customers’ bank accounts without using any third-party providers. kevin.’s technology scales to businesses of any size and across industries, including retail, parking, fashion, car-sharing, deliveries, insurance and many more. kevin. focuses on mobile and POS payments where customers predominantly pay using cards currently. Its payment infrastructure is based on open banking – regulated by the European PSD2 Directive – which requires all banks and financial institutions in the European Economic Area to open their API for licensed third-party providers. kevin. develops only own connections to the banks without using any third-party aggregators.

Currently, the Company supports more than 6,000 merchants in 15 markets, including Sweden, Finland, Poland, Spain, Netherlands, Baltics and Portugal, where the company has a coverage of more than 85% of bank customers. The firm’s services will be available in 28 European Economic Area (EEA) countries by the end of 2022. kevin. has a team of more than 260 employees in 20 countries and it plans to expand its workforce to beyond 350 employees in 2022.

kevin. is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.