About the job
Who We Are

Geotab ® is a global leader in IoT and connected transportation and certified “Great Place to Work ™ .” We are a company of diverse and talented individuals who work together to help businesses grow and succeed, and increase the safety and sustainability of our communities.

Geotab is advancing security, connecting commercial vehicles to the internet and providing web-based analytics to help customers better manage their fleets. Geotab’s open platform and Geotab Marketplace ® , offering hundreds of third-party solution options, allows both small and large businesses to automate operations by integrating vehicle data with their other data assets. Processing billions of data points a day, Geotab leverages data analytics and machine learning to improve productivity, optimize fleets through the reduction of fuel consumption, enhance driver safety and achieve strong compliance to regulatory changes.

Our team is growing and we’re looking for people who follow their passion, think differently and want to make an impact. Ours is a fast paced, ever changing environment. Geotabbers accept that challenge and are willing to take on new tasks and activities - ones that may not always be described in the initial job description. Join us for a fulfilling career with opportunities to innovate, great benefits, and our fun and inclusive work culture. Reach your full potential with Geotab. To see what it’s like to be a Geotabber, check out our blog and follow us @InsideGeotab on Instagram , Twitter or Facebook .

Who You Are

We are looking for a Java Fullstack Developer passionate about technology, always pursuing high quality coding standards and interested in continuous learning. At Geotab, you will also have the opportunity to work fully remote based in Spain.

What You'll Do

Y ou will be part of the development team responsible for developing a fleet management platform. The back-end consists of processing, storage, data analysis, internal & external API, connectors. The front-end is a single page application developed with Java and transpiled to JavaScript, allowing us to have a specialized Java team able to share code between client and server sides. The client-side includes real-time visualization, maps, charts, and more interactive elements to monitor and analyze fleets.

In this role you will have the opportunity to work with Java 11 , Gitlab, Docker, Jira among other technologies, using best practices for the full software development life cycle, including agile development, coding standards and code reviews.

How You'll Make An Impact
Developing Backend and Frontend software of Geotab's platform
Participating in the design and development of new product features
Ensuring all products are scalable, responsive, and align to the company’s brand guidelines
Debugging and finding potential performance/security flaws in client code using devtools
Making sure code is fast, readable and easy to change
Creating interactive dashboards using google BigQuery to display measurable matrix
Performing quality assurance by doing peer review, ensuring coding standards are followed, looking for logic errors and other bugs
Managing backend interfaces to other Departments
Regularly report on project status, improvements, and future possibilities
Providing proactive technical support to resellers, internal staff and customers
Assisting in troubleshooting issues including bugs and performance problems when needed
Rewrite legacy code into different framework or language
What You'll Bring To This Role
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent
3+ years experience in software development with Java
Knowledge of any Java back-end (Servlets, JEE, Spring or Vert.x) and front-end (Swing, JavaFx, Android or GWT) technologies
Fluent in both English and Spanish
General knowledge of HTML5, CSS3 or ES6
Experience agile methodologies (design, development, testing and code review)
Experience in OOP architectures (DI, MVP) and FP code (reactive libraries like ReactiveX)
Knowledge of data visualization, maps (GIS) an asset
Managing code in git and being comfortable with pull request code reviews
Experience with responsive layout design an asset
If you got this far, we hope you're feeling excited about this role! Even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply.

How We Work

At Geotab, we have adopted a flexible first working model in that we have systems, functions, programs and policies in place to support both in-person and virtual work. However, you are welcomed and encouraged to come into our beautiful, safe, clean offices as often as you like. When working from home, you are required to have a reliable internet connection with at least 50mb DL/10mb UL. Virtual work is supported with cloud-based applications, collaboration tools and asynchronous working. The health and safety of employees are a top priority. We encourage work-life balance and keep the Geotab culture going strong with online social events, chat rooms and gatherings. Join us and help reshape the future of technology!

We believe that ensuring diversity is fundamental to our future growth and progress and is an integral part of our business. We believe that success happens where new ideas can flourish – in an environment that is rich in diversity and a place where people from various backgrounds can work together. Geotab encourages applications from all qualified individuals. We are committed to accommodating people with disabilities during the recruitment and assessment processes and when people are hired. We will ensure the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities are taken into account as part of performance management, career development, training and redeployment processes. If you require accommodation at any stage of the application process or want more information about our diversity and inclusion as well as accommodation policies and practices, please contact us at careers@geotab.com. Click here to learn more about what happens with your personal data.