About the job
On behalf of Lottoland, Ciklum is looking for a Middle Full Stack Developer to join our team full-time in Spain.
We are a leading global product engineering and digital services company that unites 4000+ seasoned professionals globally on various projects in healthcare, fintech, travel, sportswear, entertainment, and security. Ciklum delivers high-impact technology solutions to Fortune 500 and fast-growing organisations worldwide.

About the role:
As a Middle Full Stack Developer, become a part of a cross-functional development team working for the Lottoland.
Lottoland is a client of Ciklum that introduced a completely different product with a unique customer experience.
We are looking for a Middle Full Stack Developer who are very experienced and passionate about software development, who love to push product development using state-of-the art technology, and who have very high-quality standards.
You will work in one of multi-disciplinary Payments team implementing new and improving the existing functionality of the platform. You will use your experience and knowledge to support and make architectural decisions together with the software architects, play a part in the selection of new technologies, and promote knowledge transfer both within your team and between teams. You will be also responsible for reviewing the work of your colleagues as well as supporting junior developers.

Responsibilities:
You will collaborate with the team designing, developing, and improving our Client’s platform with a very high degree of ownership (“you built it, you run it”) on a continuous delivery basis
You develop new functionality using Java, JavaScript, HTML5 and SCSS
You evaluate the use of new technologies, architectures, and frameworks
You collaborate closely with software architects, product owners and stakeholders
You support junior developers
You are a part of a highly collaborative Agile process

Requirements:
Practical experience with OOP, design patterns, Java EE 8 (CDI, JSF, EJB, JAX-RS), Spring Boot framework, databases (NoSQL) and data structures (4+ years)
Understanding of complex software architecture
Familiar with cloud/containerization technologies (Kubernetes, Docker)
Familiar with Agile development and continuous delivery
High quality standards. Awareness of Clean code practices, as well as others (SOLID, KISS, DRY, etc.)
Eagerness to work on topics like performance optimization, responsiveness, scaling, and high availability
In-depth practical experience with JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, SCSS, Bootstrap, ES6 and Gulp
Expertise with CSS preprocessors (SASS/LESS/Stylus)
A deep understanding of web technologies
Understanding of mobile web development
Profound experience with development tools such as Git, Maven, Chrome Dev Tools etc.
Familiarity with test automation concepts and tools
Knowledge of CI/CD concepts
Able to apply engineering best practices
Experience of working in a multi-disciplinary Agile team
Enthusiastic about working in multi-disciplinary teams
Good written and verbal English skills are a must

Desirable:
A completed degree in IT or a comparable course
AWS Cloud Native
Terraform
Java-based Web frameworks (particularly, JSF)
Experience with Typescript, React.JS or Vue.JS and Node.JS
Knowledge of web accessibility practices
Experience with Self Contained Systems SCS / Micro Services
Knowledge of other programming languages would be a great plus

What's in it for you?
A dynamic and highly motivated international team of skilled and experienced professionals
An open culture defined by passion for developing software, fun and mutual respect
State of the Art technology environment: Java11, J2EE8 (JSF2, CDI, JAX-RS), Spring Boot, Web Components, CSS3, HTML5, MongoDB, Glassfish, Git, Maven, Docker, k8s, AWS, continuous integration, etc.
Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client
Continuous learning/development opportunities and progressive career paths
Competitive salary
Flexible working hours
Tailored relocation packages to meet your needs to support your transition
About us:
Our Delivery Center in Malaga is one of the leading IT hubs in Andalusia – it provides an exceptional mix of vibrant tech talent community, wide-open access to learning and career advancement opportunities, hybrid / remote work setup & endless Mediterranean seashore summer.
Be bold, not bored!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.

About the Client:
With more than 12 million registered players, Lottoland is among the most successful private online entertainment companies worldwide. Currently, it employs more than 350 people at 11 locations on four continents. The Financial Times has recently ranked Lottoland 128th in the FT1000 ranking of Europe’s fastest-growing companies.
Ciklum’s team working on the Lottoland project in Malaga unites 70+ developers who work on revolutionising the gaming industry. No wonder Lottoland belongs to the most innovative companies in the world. Thanks to the agile project methods, the team’s days are structured, but still exciting like nowhere else.