About the job
Full Stack Software Engineer


Engineering - Remote


Telmar is the global leader in advertising and media solutions, providing the most influential agencies, media owners and planners with innovative cloud-based tools to help create, plan and predict the most successful media campaigns. For more than 50 years, leading media and advertising agencies have relied on Telmar's innovative cross-media and data analytics solutions to create the most successful media campaigns worldwide. Telmar is a truly international company with over 25,000 users and 600 customers worldwide. Our team of media experts has a global presence with locations around the world including New York City, London, Toronto, Johannesburg, Paris, Amsterdam, Shanghai, Singapore and Hong Kong. For more information about Telmar and its solutions, please visit: www.telmar.com

Role Summary

In this role you will be designing, developing, and maintaining applications that are deployed on our serverless ‘Telmar Unified Platform’. Our platform provides end to end media planning and buying solutions, spanning across all media types (TV, Radio, Streaming etc.) globally.

As a crucial part of a dynamic agile team, you will collaborate with experienced technologists in the media planning industry, building innovative and pioneering technical solutions for the media planning industry.

You will have the opportunity to work with awesome tech whilst delivering world class software. You will gain exposure to cutting-edge systems and platforms which operate on a global scale, whilst helping your team deliver its technology roadmap.

We are passionate about the development of our team members, therefore, will support you and help to grow your skills as an engineer.


Responsibilities

Our product teams build and maintain all of our software solutions. Each team has a dedicated product/feature, enabling teams to master and own their business domain. Our platform teams build, maintain and operate the underlying platform and infrastructure. This includes teams such as Security, IT and Data teams. As a member of the product team, you will be responsible for:

Collaborate closely with the team to plan, prototype, scope and develop frontend and backend web application components/features
Utilize Source Control, adhering to best practices
Create, build and deploy company internal modules and packages
Build and use various customized tools: deployment scripts, build tools, etc.
Write and maintain appropriate documentation based on components/features built or engineering processes/standards
Attend Agile ceremonies, take part in engineers technical discovery and ideation sessions.

Professional Skills

Essential Skills

Advanced demonstrated fluency in Javascript/ TypeScript, HTML and CSS
Proven experience with Angular 8+ development or other modern front-end frameworks such as React or Vue
Understanding of version control and release management tools such as Git & Github
Experience of both RESTful and general APIs (we are API first).
Experience of Lean/Agile environments; knowledge of product development tools such as JIRA
Ability to write clean and testable code with an emphasis on maintainability
Ability to keep up to date with advances in Technology and best practices from the industry

Desired Skills

Knowledge and understanding of AWS serverless concepts and services including AWS API Gateway, AWS Lambda, Amazon Cognito, and Amplify Auth framework
Experience with Elasticsearch, DynamoDB and other document databases
Experience in implementing UI/UX design using Material UI and Flex Layout
Experience working with test frameworks (e.g Jasmine, Jest, Protractor, Cypress)

Personal Attributes

Excellent problem-solving skills
Proven ability to work effectively in a distributed working environment
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills
Organized, detail-oriented with excellent time management
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work proactively, independently and as a team player
Ability to work efficiently and productively in a lean/agile environment
Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies

Telmar's Perks

Flexible working
Medical cover
DiSC Assessment (improve teamwork, communication, and productivity)
We provide each Telmar employee with a framework for holistic and regular 360° feedback as well as for personal and professional development, enabling you to master daily challenges and continuously develop your own skills further via self-learning tools and formal training
Employee Assistance Program (24/7)
Weekly open door meeting with CEO and the HR Team
Summer Team Building Events
Christmas Parties
Office gatherings (when C-19 restrictions allow it)
Random coffee dates every other week
Meeting free Fridays


We are on an ambitious global journey at Telmar, no two days are ever the same and we’re therefore looking for people who can adapt quickly to this ever evolving environment. In return, our multinational; best-in-class team will support your desire to grow as an individual and challenge you in new roles. We are proud of the team and believe that our diversity has made us more successful. We are therefore keen to recruit candidates from all backgrounds. Telmar provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type.


OUR MOST VALUABLE INTELLIGENCE IS NOT ARTIFICIAL