About the job
About INDG
At INDG we develop technology that enables engaging, hyper-realistic digital product experiences. Our goal is to make "every product playable", by combining the science of technology with the artistry of computer-generated content. Our offices are in Amsterdam and Bucharest and we have an ever-growing team of remote workers from different areas of the world – the US, Singapore, Brazil, South Africa.. Clients include Adidas, The North Face, Hillrom, Yamaha, Philips and more. Our CG artists, interactive designers, and developers focus on creating virtual versions of our clients' products, so lifelike it feels like you could reach out and touch them. Our culture brings together creative, tech and business individuals. It’s a heady cocktail that keeps us inspired, empowered and passionate.

INDG is experiencing exciting growth and expansion. To help us on the challenging journey to create the most beautiful and best-performing experiences for both clients and customers, we are looking for a Senior Frontend Developer!

Together with our 3D Studio and the Art & Design Department you will create high-end applications that will exceed our customers' expectations. Our customers are big, international clients such as Philips, Adidas, Yamaha, Ralph Lauren and Electrolux.

As well as web-based applications, we develop solutions for various platforms including mobile, tablets and native, applying new techniques and technologies such as AR (Augmented Reality) and advanced real-time & pre-rendered 3D.


What will you be doing?
Write reusable and maintainable code
Write client-side code to create desktop/mobile application
Implementing new features and functionality
Implement a UI/UX design including CSS animations and transitions
Support of existing functionality
Support of asset and content creation and product configurations
Code review and testing
Collaboration in a cross-functional team to ensure the project meets business objectives and compliance standards
Proactive contribution to identifying issues and solving them

Would be amazing if you have:
6+ years of experience in UI frontend development
Experience with JavaScript/TypeScript, React, Redux
Experience in developing mobile/desktop applications
Have experience with, or be an expert in, various JavaScript MVC
Strong and proven experience in HTML/CSS
Deep knowledge and approaches to HTML, CSS, and responsive UI
Experience with CSS extension languages (Less, Sass, SCSS) and pre-processor tools
Ability to build and design product UI library architecture
Strong knowledge of UI/UX design concepts
Ability to implement a UI/UX design including CSS animations and transitions
Strong knowledge of design tools ( Photoshop, XD, Figma, Zeplin, Sketch, etc.)
Proven track record of delivering projects with high-quality User Interfaces
Fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem-solving, and complexity analysis
Knowledge of high-load architectures and technologies on a backend at least on a basic level (.Net/ NodeJS) - nice to have
Experience working in OSX /Windows / Linux/ iOS/ Android environment
Experience working with Jira / Github / Gitlab
Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or similar field
Upper-Intermediate English level