About the job
Ciklum is looking for a Senior JavaScript (Angular) Developer to join our team full-time in Spain.
We are a leading global product engineering and digital services company that unites 4000+ seasoned professionals globally on various projects in healthcare, fintech, travel, sportswear, entertainment, and security. Ciklum delivers high-impact technology solutions to Fortune 500 and fast-growing organizations worldwide.

About the role:
As a Senior JavaScript (Angular) Developer, become a part of a cross-functional development team working for Our Client.
You will join a highly motivated team and will be working on a modern solution for our existing client. We are looking for technology experts who want to make an impact on new business by applying best practices and taking ownership.

Responsibilities:
Be proactive in communication with team members and client
Delivery. Create and maintain modern solutions according to unit standards
Code Quality. Follow and improve code quality standards
Analyze and Estimate. Perform technical assessment of business requirements to ensure the possibility of their implementation within a reasonable time
Software Design. Create and review software feature design documents and provide the solution
Mentorship of junior colleagues

Requirements:
You can name examples of use in different contexts. Are guided by best-practices and specifications of such skills:
Design patterns, development principles
HTML/CSS. Pre/post -processors, methodologies
JavaScript/TypeScript. Core, performance, security
Angular
Testing. Approaches, types, tooling
CI/CD. Understanding, usage
Authorization. JWT
Git. Branching strategies
Agile. Principles and processes
Upper-Intermediate English
Framework:
Angular. Components, state management, rxJS
AngularJS. Components, state management

Desirable:
You should have an idea of the subject and its parts. Can explain. Has experience of use of such skills:
Other modern framework (Vue, React, ReactNative)
Micro-frontends
Cloud platforms experience
Code quality tools (Sonarqube)
Experience with CI/CD set up (Docker, GitlabCI, CircleCI etc.)
Familiar with UX concepts such as Information Architecture

What's in it for you?
Career growth opportunities
Realization of your innovative ideas in building new Ciklum Solutions and Services
Friendly collaborative teams and enjoyable working environment
Professional skills development and training programs
Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities
State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with a warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions
About us:
Our Delivery Center in Malaga is one of the leading IT hubs in Andalusia – it provides an exceptional mix of vibrant tech talent community, wide-open access to learning and career advancement opportunities, hybrid / remote work setup & endless Mediterranean seashore summer.
Be bold, not bored!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We cant wait to see you at Ciklum.