About the job
As Senior Engineer, this position involves:
Product development in Ruby/Rails and Go of a hospitality-related web-based product.
Integrations between our platform to 3rd party APIs.
Work in an Agile environment with strong attention to scalability (We are serving hundreds of thousands of unique visitors per month through our platform).
Design, question, challenge and implement technical solutions to product needs alongside the Product and Design Teams.
Being able to mentor, coach, and train other colleagues as a domain expert.
Identify bottlenecks and propose solutions.

Required skills and experience:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience
4 years+ experience in web development using Ruby
Experience designing and implementing distributed systems using cloud technologies like AWS
Pragmatism and obsession with simplicity, efficiency, and performance
Strongly oriented to quality and testing
Eager to learn new technologies and frameworks
Strong communication skills
Proactive, driven, and entrepreneurial with a 'can do’ attitude
Spain/EU based

Bonus points for:
Knowledge in architecture at scale, resilient and highly available
Knowledge in one or more of NoSQL technologies (CouchBase, ElasticSearch, Redis), Queueing system (Kafka, RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, MSMQ)
Professional experience with Go
Professional experience with modern javascript libraries
Worked in a fast-growing startup environment
Experience in the hospitality industry

Our stack:
Ruby on Rails
Go
React
Postgres and Redis
Memcached
Sidekiq
HAproxy
Heroku/AWS
CloudFlare

What do we offer?
A competitive salary and access to our employee stock option plan
An amazing working environment, where you will be able to make a true contribution and get your voice heard.
One of the hottest start-ups in Barcelona, according to WIRED
The opportunity to have a huge impact on developing a fast-growing business that is at a pivotal point in its growth to expand internationally.
The team is growing fast and we offer plenty of career and development opportunities.
Team buildings activities every 2 months and team lunch every month
Flexibility to work from home or full-remote, we do even accept you on-site :)
Alan private health insurance
Positive impact on the world with Noos

Joppy is a tech recruitment platform built for developers by developers.
✅ No CV required. Just say what you know and what you want.
✅ Anonymous profile by default.
✅ You choose who can talk to you. Companies can't write to you until you accept their offer.
✅ Only relevant offers matching your preferences. No more Javascript offer for Java developers.
✅ Get a reward if you get hired.
Keep an eye on tech job opportunities anonymously and match the job that makes you happy.