About the job
Ciklum is looking for a Expert JavaScript (React.js) Developer to join our team full-time in Spain.
We are a leading global product engineering and digital services company that unites 4000+ seasoned professionals globally on various projects in healthcare, fintech, travel, sportswear, entertainment, and security. Ciklum delivers high-impact technology solutions to Fortune 500 and fast-growing organizations worldwide.

About the role:
As a Expert JavaScript (React.js) Developer, become a part of a cross-functional development team working for the Sportradar.
You will join a highly motivated team and will be working on a modern solution for our existing client. We are looking for technology experts who want to make an impact on new business by applying best practices and taking ownership.
We are looking for motivated, confident, team-oriented individuals who possess excellent technical skills and strive for best practices and high-quality software with the ability to communicate these principles effectively.

About the Project:
Sportradar.com is a global leader in understanding and leveraging the power of sports data and digital content for its clients around the world.
ORAKO is a brand of Sportradar's world-leading sports betting portfolio, one of the world's best betting and gaming platforms.
We work with worldwide leader operators, placing ORAKO at the forefront of the gaming industry technology firms, helping hundreds of thousands of customers every year find, and do, "the source code of sport".
Companies like DAZN, Unibet, Mondobets, Betfred, Norsk Tipping, Efbet, Mclean's Bookmakers, UK Bookmakers Technology Consortium, including Chisholm Bookmakers, JenningsBet, Corbettsport, and many others, already enjoy the benefits of one of the most robust, scalable, and powerful, rich-feature sports betting commercial platforms available.

Responsibilities:
Be proactive in communication with team members and client
Delivery. Create and maintain modern solutions according to unit standards
Code Quality. Follow and improve code quality standards
Analyze and Estimate. Perform technical assessment of business requirements to ensure the possibility of their implementation within a reasonable time
Software Design. Create and review software feature design documents and provide the solution
Mentorship of junior colleagues
Take responsibility for project delivery playing role of the most senior technical person at the project
Set up efficient development workflow throughout proactive collaboration with any project role (BA, PO, UX, UI, Arch, BE, DevOps)
Technical organization: interview, tech audit, pre-sale
Problem solving, solution Presentation, meeting facilitation

Requirements:
You can name examples of use in different contexts. Are guided by best-practices and specifications of such skills:
Design patterns, development principles
JavaScript/TypeScript. Core, performance, security
React JS
Testing. Approaches, types, tooling
Delivery flow. Branching strategy, repo management, code style guides, testing approaches, CI/CD, release plan
Software Design & Visual Facilitation
Agile. Principles and processes, ability to facilitate team-work according to chosen development methodology
Advanced English
Framework:
React. JSX, virtual DOM, hooks, state management
React Native. JSX, virtual DOM, hooks, state management, understanding of Android/iOS ecosystem, Xcode & Android studio

Desirable:
You should have an idea of the subject and its parts. Can explain. Has experience of use of such skills:
Other modern framework (Angular, Vue, ReactNative)
Micro-frontends
Cloud platforms experience
Code quality tools (Sonarqube)
Experience with CI/CD set up (Docker, GitlabCI, CircleCI etc.)
Familiar with UX concepts such as Information Architecture

Personal skills:
Has sufficient communication skills for effective dialogue with customers and colleagues
Collaborates in a team effectively
Is able to plan, schedule and monitor own work within short time horizons
Demonstrates a rational and organized approach to work
Understands and uses appropriate methods, tools and applications. Identifies and negotiates own development opportunities
Works under routine direction, without frequent reference to others

What's in it for you?
Career growth opportunities
Realization of your innovative ideas in building new Ciklum Solutions and Services
Friendly collaborative teams and enjoyable working environment
Professional skills development and training programs
Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities
State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with a warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions

About us:
Our Delivery Center in Malaga is one of the leading IT hubs in Andalusia – it provides an exceptional mix of vibrant tech talent community, wide-open access to learning and career advancement opportunities, hybrid / remote work setup & endless Mediterranean seashore summer.
Be bold, not bored!
Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.