About the job
About Appspace:
At Appspace, we’re passionate about creating better work experiences for people everywhere, and we’re looking for people that feel the same way. Our global office locations and flexible work culture help you work wherever and however you’re at your best. Plus, we take the time to help you enjoy your work, build lasting connections, and grow your role. Join the Appspace team and be a part of a culture that’s helping people everywhere love where they work.

Your role as a Back-End Developer:
You are an innovative and talented Back-End Developer that wants to specialize in .NET, passionate about every single aspect of your job and with a personal mission to impact the user experience of our clients. With an ambition to work in an innovative and out-of-the-box single product and look at it as your own.


A day in the life of a Back-End Developer:
Perform effectively the different phases of the software lifecycle (plan, design, develop, test, implement, and maintain)
Share technical knowledge and technical solution designs
Build solutions that are technically efficient, performant and follow internal and industry standards
Work in an interdisciplinary squad in order to deliver new features from top to bottom
Be encouraged to develop your technical career with a mature team


What you’ll need:
Minimum of 2 years of experience in designing, developing, configuring, and implementing diverse enterprise applications with an object-oriented language
Proven knowledge with .NET Framework Programming and ASP.NET solutions (no minimum experience needed)
Proven knowledge with SQL
To be interested in applying design patterns, best practices and delivering testable code on a daily basis
Have strong interpersonal and communication skills (and love to interact with people from many different disciplines)
Have strong technical writing skills


What we’ll also value:
Experience with MVC and Web API frameworks (ASP.NET or others)
Experience with popular ORM frameworks (Nhibernate/Hibernate, EF…)
Knowledge of SOLID principles and how to apply them
Hands on experience with unit testing


The Perks of Working for Appspace:
For all our team members, we offer a variety of benefits from competitive salaries, employer paid medical, dental and vision coverage and mental health resources.

Additional perks include:
Flexible work schedules
Remote work opportunities
A casual dress work environment
1/2 day Friday's
Reduced working hours in August
Gym allowance
Training allowance
Training days off


Disclaimer:
Appspace Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, compensation, and training are decided based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, marital status, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), gender, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, sexual orientation, family or parental status, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local laws.

Appspace is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace and does not tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind.