About the job
In June 2021 Grafana Labs acquired k6 - a Stockholm-based startup behind the open-source load testing tool for engineering teams. With k6, Grafana Labs adds extensible testing to its open and composable Grafana observability stack.

About K6

At k6, we build next-generation performance testing tools for developers and DevOps engineers.

We are pushing forward the state-of-the-art in our industry, creating open-source tools that have great developer experience and enable engineers to build reliable systems. k6 is an open-source tool that we built to reinvent the engineering principles around performance testing and enable engineers to build systems that scale.

https://github.com/grafana/k6
https://k6.io/cloud
https://k6.io/docs/cloud
https://k6.io/blog/the-glorious-backend

About The Role

You will be a part of the k6 team that focuses on the k6 cloud, our commercial product built around the OSS k6, targeted at users wanting to run performance tests at scale. Our SaaS application allows customers to load test their systems by running distributed load tests from 15+ regions across the world, using hundreds of thousands of virtual users able to send millions of requests per second. We ingest a huge volume of data generated by k6 which can be used to view, correlate and analyze metrics from each test.

We are building a product used by other engineers and as such we are looking for people enthusiastic about the tools they themselves are meant to use. Due to our small teams and fast development pace, you will have a substantial and immediate impact on how the end product is architected, developed, and how the engineering team operates. Most importantly, you will work with competent colleagues and will be able to expand your knowledge and skills in different directions.

Your Main Responsibilities Will Be To

Develop and maintain backend services
Collaborate with other teams (k6 OSS, front-end, DevOps) on delivering cross-functional features to the cloud product
Take part in shaping the k6 cloud roadmap

Required Skills

We are looking for a person combining very strong programming skills with experience in building high-scale distributed systems.
Have experience developing applications in Python
Good technical communication skills
Familiar with modern development processes and practices

Not Required, But Great If You Also

Have experience working with Celery, Django and/or Flask
Have experience building event-driven systems
Have experience working with event-streaming/messaging platforms such as RabbitMQ or Kafka
Have experience working with time-series and metric data
Have experience with load/performance testing
Have experience working with other programming languages such as Go and JavaScript
Know about things such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Grafana/APM tools

About Grafana Labs: There are more than 950,000 active installations of Grafana around the globe, monitoring everything from beehives to climate change in the Alps. The instantly recognizable dashboards have been spotted everywhere from a NASA launch and Minecraft HQ to Wimbledon and the Tour de France. Grafana Labs also helps companies including Bloomberg, JPMorgan Chase, and eBay manage their observability strategies with full-stack offerings that can be run fully managed with Grafana Cloud, or self-managed with Grafana Enterprise Stack. The Grafana stack has grown to include four other open source projects, Grafana Loki (for logs), Grafana Tempo (for traces), Grafana Mimir (for metrics), and Grafana OnCall (for on-call management).

Benefits: For more information about the perks and benefits of working at Grafana, please check out our careers page.

A note about covid-19: All Grafanistas who wish to attend in-person events or travel for Grafana Labs must be fully-vaccinated.

Equal Opportunity Employer: At Grafana Labs we’re building a company where a diverse mix of talented people want to come, stay, and do their best work. We know that our company runs on the hard work and the dedication of our passionate and creative employees. If you're excited about this role but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways.

We will recruit, train, compensate and promote regardless of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, disability, age, veteran status, and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different and unique. We believe that equality and diversity builds a strong organisation and we’re working hard to make sure that’s the foundation of our organisation as we grow.

For information about how your personal data is used once you’ve applied to a job, check out our privacy policy.