About the job
OpenClassrooms mentors are freelance senior professionals. They help students succeed in their training programs, through weekly video calls of maximum one hour each. It’s a 100% remote mission. You can coach up to 2 students from the beginning.


The mentor's responsibilities

To be a role model and share your industry know-how with students on a weekly basis, coaching them through their training programs. All of the educational content is created and made available through the OpenClassrooms platform.

As a mentor your main tasks during weekly meetings will be to:

Guide and advise your students in the completion of the projects within their training program.
Inspire your students with your advice and experience in your field.
Monitor your students’ progress throughout the mentoring sessions.
Report problems and difficulties related to your students.



Experience and Skills Required

In the Web developer courses, our students learn how to create websites and bring mock-ups to life. To do this, they must complete seven professional projects, such as transforming a model into a website, optimizing an existing site or building a secure API. As a mentor, your role is to help them and ensure they successfully complete their projects.

You have a bachelor degree and at least 2 years of professional experience as a Web developer
You master JavaScript, HTML 5 and CSS 3S, and ideally Node, Vue.js, Express and Mongo DB
You know how to simplify complex concepts, set objectives and give constructive feedback
You are a native English speaker
You have a company structure or a freelance status (registered in your country of residence) or you are ready to create one


Apply in 4 Easy Steps

Complete the mentor application form with an updated resume.
If your profile is selected, you will be invited to make a short video and to take a technical test. This is an opportunity for us to learn more about your skills.
Your profile is selected! Send us the necessary documents to set up the contract: we take care of everything.
We send you your contract in a digital format, all you have to do is sign it, 100% online.


Know more about OpenClassrooms

OpenClassrooms is a mission-driven company that makes education accessible to everyone, everywhere. 🌎

We are the leading online education platform in Europe and Africa, offering fully-accredited online diplomas based on the skills of the future. Each month, at least 300 000 free students from around the world connect to our platform, and we currently count more than 10 000 degree students.

We are very proud to be part of the B Corp community (more than 3,500 companies that combine profit and general interest), and to have the Great Place to Work label. OpenClassrooms is also part of the Next40 group for the second consecutive year.

We have recently announced a new fundraising of 80 million dollars. This will help us invest in our product, continue our growth and make education even more accessible across the world!



Why become a Mentor?

100% remote
Flexibility, as a Freelancer - Make your own schedule
Develop pedagogical skills
Increase your income
20% discount on OpenClassrooms training programs
Join a networking community of 3000 professionals
Recruit future colleagues!



Are you ready to help students succeed? Submit your application today!