About the job
Are you passionate about Web & Mobile Development and would you like to be part of an innovative development centre? If the answer is yes, keep reading!

We offer our customers expert services focused in Data Management based on the latest market-leading, enterprise BI technology platforms – moreover, services that are delivered by a team of extraordinary and committed consultants. Our trademark derives from our ability to efficiently deliver customer insight and value gained through years of real-world challenges at the highest quality levels.

As a FullStack Developer, you will be developing web applications from scratch for either ClearPeaks or clients located in EMEA.

At ClearPeaks, you will have endless opportunities to get involved in different projects, to work with new technologies, and to share innovative ideas that will help shape a team. You will constantly be positively challenged both by colleagues and customers.

In such a hot and cutting-edge sector, all of our teams perform roles with various responsibilities from day one, with continuous learning and self-improvement which are critical to our success.

Requirements
A degree in Computer Science Engineering or related degree.
Experience working with JavaScript (Angular, NodeJS), TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3 will be a plus.
Experience with mobile development will be a plus.
Knowledge of OOP, SOLID, Clean Code, Design Patterns.
Experience with Git source control, especially GitHub.
Analytical, problem solving and creative.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Fluent English both written and spoken.
Proactive, team player, committed and constant willingness to improve.
Excited about international business experience.
Passionate about latest technologies and methodologies.

Our offer to you!
Be part of an international and talented team, enjoying an excellent work environment where people are passionate about what they do.
Attractive salary according to experience and knowledge provided.
Flexible working schedule
23 vacation days + 24 & 31 December