About the job
Gradle Enterprise is a first-of-its-kind product that software teams use to accelerate and optimize Gradle and Apache Maven™ builds. It comprises several facets including large volume data ingestion and processing, complex data analysis and visualization, and distributed caching and execution systems.

Our software is used by some of the world's leading software organizations, such as Netflix, Airbnb, Spotify, and Twitter. We regularly collaborate with these and other users to make our products continuously better.

Profile

We are looking for back-end engineers with a demonstrated ability to efficiently deliver and maintain robust and useful software based solutions, as part of a collaborative team.
Our ideal candidates have a success record of delivering testable, evolvable, and scalable back-end architectures to production. While not necessarily build experts, they do exhibit a deep understanding and interest in the automation domain and in developer productivity. They thrive on challenging development and integration problems, understand the nuances of performance and memory optimization, possess and can capably articulate strong opinions, and feel comfortable collaborating with a distributed team.

Responsibilities
Designing and implementing robust solutions
Applying automated quality assurance
Employing modern software development techniques and practices
Doing user research, outreach and support
Assisting clients during trials and in production
Managing individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables
Contributing to changes that improve the team’s velocity and efficiency

Minimum qualifications
5 years of software development experience
Experience programming in Java 8 or later
Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems
Working proficiency and communication skills in written and verbal English

Preferred qualifications
Experience developing large-scale web applications
Experience with AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes
Experience automating the software build and delivery process
Experience developing and maintaining Gradle and/or Maven builds
Ability to debug, profile, and optimize code
Ability to perform and receive code reviews
Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills
Interest and ability to learn new software development skills and techniques

What we offer
Developing a unique software product used by other software engineers that love it
Tackling and solving together challenging performance, scalability, and usability problems
Collaborating closely and daily with remote colleagues distributed across the globe
In-person onboarding in Switzerland and yearly, extraordinary company offsite event
Opportunities for growth in technical and managerial responsibilities
Attractive compensation package including company equity

Location
Anywhere in the world with working conditions that allow for seamless collaboration with your colleagues through email, chat, and video streaming

How to apply
The following is required with your application:
Submit your cover letter, your resume, and a build scan link via the form below
Explain in your cover letter why you want to work on the Gradle Enterprise product
Create a build scan for any OSS project and tag it with back-end-engineer

Next steps
After applying, familiarize yourself with the Gradle Enterprise hiring process to understand the next steps.

About us
We are committed and skilled software engineers, product designers, and marketing experts who are passionate about developer productivity. We take pride in delivering products that are relied upon daily by some of the world's leading software organizations, such as Netflix, LinkedIn, Airbnb, Spotify, and Twitter.
Our team is globally distributed but deeply connected. We value our interpersonal relationships as much as we value our achievements. We are a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other and together. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives.
Visit our careers page to learn more about the company and see other open positions. Visit Glassdoor to read what current and former Gradle employees have to say about the company.

Privacy Notice
For information about our collection, use, and disclosure of applicants’ personal information as well as applicants’ rights over their personal information, please see our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.