About the job
Sportnco Group is one of the leading sports betting and gaming solutions providers in the online gambling industry. We focus on producing the best iGaming solutions for our clients so that they can grow and develop across regulated markets worldwide.

Now, Sportnco belongs to the GIG group. Gaming Innovation Group is a leading iGaming technology company, providing solutions, products and services to iGaming Operators. Founded in 2012, GiG operates out of Malta and is dual-listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GIG and on Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker symbol GIGSEK.

We are passionate about our work, and we have pleasure in making our work our great passion, proud of our great collaborative culture and work environment. We are looking for professionals who are eager to learn and work as a team, committed and positive, to join our multidisciplinary team.

To support this strong growth which continues into 2022, Tecnalis is hiring to strengthen its team.

What are we searching for?

We are looking for a Full stack developer to reinforce our third party gaming integrations team with experience working in REST or SOAP communication protocols to be part of an existing development team. Your responsibilities will consist of the integration of game providers, payment platforms and regulatory entities, development or fixing of existing code, resolution of incidents and technical management of these tasks with clients or providers.

Mandatory Requirements
Web technology (html, javascript, css)
Knowledge of programming languages -Java, JavaScript- 3 years of experience
Experienced in HTTP communication protocols: SOAP or REST
User-level database and basic MySQL queries
Basic knowledge of Linux operating systems
Basic knowledge of Tomcat / Apache admin
Minimum English medium B2
Minimum Spanish medium B2

Nice to have:
Code lifecycle tools: Eclipse, Subversion, Maven, Hudson/Jenkins, Jira
Administration of web servers and applications (Apache, Tomcat...)
Microservice knowledge (OpenAPI, JAX-RS, Kafka...)
Front development frameworks (Velocity, React...)
Knowledge of the gaming industry

We offer:
Intresting projects with the latest technologies.
Hybrid-working environment.
Company's events.
Opportunities to grow and opportunities for career progression.