About the job
Responsibilities Location Madrid, ES Job ID JR-030356

Imagine a world where you could detect health issues sooner to treat them more effectively. Where food and water are always safe, even in remote corners of the earth. And where scientific and medical research are enhanced to solve the greatest challenges of our times. At PerkinElmer, we imagine this world every day. Then, we innovate and collaborate to make it happen everywhere.

Our dedicated team of about 16,000 employees worldwide, pioneers scientific technologies for better detection, imaging, and informatics to help our customers work to create healthier families, improve the quality of life, and sustain the well-being and longevity of people globally.

If you are seeking a meaningful, impactful, and stimulating career, look no further.

PerkinElmer is a manufacturer of scientific instruments, reagents, and software to drive innovations in human and environmental health around the world. We are looking for a talented Senior Full Stack Developer (React, Node.js) to join our Informatics team, building a product we call the Signals Data Factory. The Signals Data Factory is a product which specializes in taking in many different forms of scientific data, transforming it (using Apache Spark), and making it searchable (using Elasticsearch) and analyzable via a variety of interfaces. Its current use spans from early in the drug-discovery process to analyzing active clinical trial data. If you are looking to join a team of talented engineers and to contribute to delivering amazing, high impact, customer-focused features, this is a great opportunity.

You Will
Create secure, performant interfaces and services
Work on an intuitive approach to defining data transformation via a UI.
Work with AWS services and cloud technologies
Collaborate with fellow team members on priorities, specifications, and feature implementation
Craft well-documented, reusable, and testable code.
Work on a system capable of processing petabytes of data
Build and maintain new, high impact functionality into the Signals Data Factory
Basic Qualifications
5+ years development, in JavaScript based scripting language
Experience with modern front-end development
Experience with making Node.js based APIs
Experience with React.js and its core principles
Experience with cloud-hosting at one of the top-3 providers
Strongly driven – ability to clarify requirements and deliver code in a highly distributed and fast-moving environment
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree preferred
A good understanding of git workflows
Angular.js
Kubernetes
Rancher
Docker
Java/Scala
Mocha/Sinon
Spark
Kafka
Elasticsearch
This role will be on a Spanish contract but can be based at our offices in Tres Cantos - Madrid, Armilla - Granada or remotely from home.

If you have a portfolio to share, we would be delighted to see it in your application.