About the job
Senior Frontend Engineer (React/Next.js) - remote - up to $100,000

Does green technology / sustainable energy interest you? And are you a React Developer with experience in TypeScript?

Your Opportunity
This could be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for somebody that wants to work in a renewable energy/green-tech company that are helping the plant transition to a more sustainable future.

You will be working for a company that is pumping hundreds-of-millions of dollars into the renewable energy industry. The Founders are renewable energy experts with backgrounds in financial, capital, & equity management/investment.

You will also have the opportunity to learn about blockchain-based systems and the integration of different services. This is a perfect opportunity for someone from a web 2 background that wants to move into web 3 / blockchain. Equally, it is fantastic if you have already had any exposure to any blockchain or smart contract tooling.

Already, in less than four years they have:
raised more than $6m in investment from major renewable energy names as they moved wards the next phase of their journey
been accepted into and graduated from a web 3 accelerator program
built a team of 10 permanent staff, with an additional 15 people onboard the journey from an external-partner perspective
built the front end of a game-changing renewable energy system
almost completed the smart contract development and integrations for their next major milestone
built a healthy community of supporters

The next stage of the journey?
Hiring a React Engineer with experience in TypeScript / JavaScript and jQuery to join the backend engineer, along with one more blockchain hire too. You will play a really important role in building services that will see them through the final phases of MVP and into the scalability phase of their product journey

Your role will be to:
Manage and maintain the existing company website; develop new web pages as required
make major contributions to the product’s development across the full front-end stack
Front-end development using React / Next.js, including integrating front end implementations with the product’s APIs and GraphQL
Assisting in maintaining the products extensive CI/CD pipeline

Tech environment includes:
React & Node (TypeScript)
Web3.js
Python
Next.js
JavaScript
Git


What is the advantage of this project and journey?
The end result?.... sustainable energy sources will be delivered more consistently to the planet, very quickly reducing the need for fossil fuels. We will reduce carbon emissions as a result of this platform.

You will be making a direct impact on sustainable energy for the planet.

Are you suitable for this role?
If you answer 'yes' to most of the following questions, then...yes... you are likely suitable for this position.

Can you work remotely?
can you work independently and take ownership of React-focused technical decisions?
are you interested in green-tech?
are you interested in learning more about blockchain-based platforms?
are you seriously interested in working with a start-up in phase 2 of their journey?

All applicants will receive a response directly from me. Please apply if you feel you are interested in this role.