About the job
Who we are

We’re a global marketing service provider and we specialize in affiliate marketing & publishing. We are digital natives, data obsessed and focused on measurable outcomes. Some of the most talented individuals you’ll ever meet, all with one thing in common: doing great work, and growing as a team.

Our value lies in Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging. We strongly believe in equality and stand against all kinds of discrimination. We dare to be unapologetically ourselves. Come join a team of explorers who are motivated by growth, and driven by results.

What you'll do

As a Backend Software Developer (Python), you will use your problem-solving skills to write well designed, testable, and efficient code. We design, develop and manage a vast portfolio of high-traffic websites featuring up-to-the-second statistics, dynamic data and informative content. Together with your team, you will develop and maintain robust data-crunching back-end code and APIs.

You’re passionate about building scalable products, adhering to high quality coding standards and being part of a culture that promotes learning and sharing while respecting work-life balance. You enjoy autonomy, and you will have the option to work remotely and/or from our Malaga office.

Maintain high software development standards by following established good practices and habits;
Participate in Sprint activities such as standups, grooming and retrospectives;
On a regular basis, communicate the progress of assigned work completion;
Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code;
Adhere to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on-time;
Collaborate with other development team members and other departments to drive innovation and help define internal standards;
Participate in self-directed learning, tech groups and workshops to learn new technologies and expand knowledge.

What you'll bring

Experience developing REST APIs in Django and/or Flask;
Experience ingesting data from JSON and XML feeds;
Experience following Agile development practices (Scrum/Kanban);
Proficiency with Unix-based systems and using CLIs;
Experience with relational database language and structure, such as MySQL;
Proficiency with code versioning tools, such as git.

Strong consideration will be given to candidates who also offer the following

Experience building GraphQL APIs (Graphene);
Experience with Machine Learning (Pandas, Scipy, Scikit-learn, etc.);
Experience developing ETL processes with Apache Airflow;
Experience with containerization, i.e. Docker, Kubernetes;
Experience with common server administration tasks;
Experience with NoSQL Databases (MongoDB)

What’s in it for you
Relocation & soft landing for you and your family (applicable in Spain, if you are moving from a different city/country)
Attractive salary
Competitive private health & life insurance package
Flexible working hours and remote-friendly tools and methodologies to stay connected
Workplace perks such as coffee, fresh fruit, bread, sweets and drinks provided daily
In addition to regular leave yearly, six weeks’ paid leave for every four years of service
Be part of a multicultural environment
Wellbeing programme
Different employee events throughout the year and team building activities
Career Development training and programs to help you grow!