About the job
THE ROLE

This role will be fully remote from one of the following countries: Germany, Spain, Ireland, Netherlands or UK.

At Personio we are on the amazing journey of becoming the leading HR Platform in Europe!

The Core Human Resources Tribe is on a mission to empower organizations for employee self service and remarkable employee management, integrated across domains.
We are building our product around the employee lifecycle events, getting hired, getting promotions, getting married, leaving the company and following the direct implications of these lifecycle events - for employees, managers and HR managers. You will be responsible for the full cycle of feature development in your team ("You build it, you run it"), and take part in architecting the backend of our complex, mission-critical HR Operating System.

Like all our tribes we are a cross-functional group of engineers, designers and product managers from many different nationalities and backgrounds, spread across different locations and we continue to grow in 2022. Join us and help shape the Core Tribe journey for Personio.

Specific tasks of the Senior Backend Engineer at Personio:

You will identify, document, and communicate technical improvements within the team domain
You will contribute to the creation of internal team engineering standards
You will coach and onboard junior and professional team members
You will drive small- to medium-sized cross-team engineering initiatives
You will participate in functional case interviews
You will drive technical discussions and communicate technical decisions to stakeholders

How we work:

We are transforming our PHP application into Go and Kotlin microservices!
We are a product company so our teams are organised in a mission-based cross-functional fashion. You will work with other Backend Engineers, Frontend Engineers, a Designer, a Product Manager and an Engineering Manager on one product vertical of our HR Management & Recruiting software.
We have a “you built it, you run it” attitude and CI/CD is our second nature - we use AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, and GitLab to implement it!

WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED

What skills you should bring:

5+ years of software development experience using either Kotlin, Java or .NET
Experience using Spring Boot in a microservice environment
Track record of working in an agile setup using continuous deployment and delivery
Experience with event driven architectures, domain driven design and eventual consistency
Knowledge about resilience patterns
Experience with containerization and container orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes preferred) in a cloud environment (AWS preferred)
Strong written and spoken English (level C1 on the CEFR scale)

What motivation and mentality you should bring:

We want to build a category leader for HR software in Europe. You should bring passion for making lives of others (in our case: Employees and HR professionals) better.
We are experiencing rapid growth and are “building our plane while flying it”. So bring your agile mindset to the table!
Embrace feedback - no one is perfect, neither are we. So let’s make this an opportunity to praise and learn from each other
Proactive problem solver. You are willing to leave code and engineering practices in a better shape than when you first encountered them
Let’s grow together - share your knowledge, we will share ours!
Humour. Have fun with us, learn with us from mistakes and bring your good vibes

WHY PERSONIO

Aside from our people, culture, and mission, there are a variety of additional benefits that help make Personio a great place to work!

Work with us and receive those remote benefits:

Competitive compensation package that includes salary, benefits, and pre-IPO equity
28 days of paid vacation, plus another additional day after 2 and 4 years (because we love what we do, but we also love vacation!)
2 Impact Days you can use to have an impact on the environment and society – one for an individual project of your choice and one for a company-wide initiative! #SocialResponsibility
Find your best way to work with our office-led, remote-friendly PersonioFlex! We offer a roughly 50% remote, 50% in-office working framework to suit your needs
Annual personal development budget of €1,500 for conferences, courses, books, career coach, etc.
Regular company and team events like Oktoberfest, ski trips, Christmas parties, and more! (COVID permitting)
High-impact working environment with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Receive generous family leave, child support, mental health support, and sabbatical opportunities with PersonioCares
Save money with corporate discounts across brands like Adidas, LG, Bosch, Apple, and more
A remote setup subsidy of 300€ to make your Homeoffice your favourite place to work

ABOUT US

We’re using technology to revolutionize the way HR operates, transforming the way millions of people experience work every day. In June 2022 we raised a second Series E funding of $200 million, allowing us to turbocharge this change and making Personio the fastest-growing and most valuable HR technology company in Europe.

With over 6,000 customers and a team of 1,500 in seven offices across Europe, now is the perfect time to join! We’re hiring talented, impact-driven individuals who want to be more than just another employee. Will you be one of them?

Personio is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to building an integrative culture where everyone feels welcomed and supported. We #EmbraceUniqueness and understand that our diverse, values-driven culture makes us stronger. As we continue to scale, we focus on enabling our employees to grow both personally and professionally.

We are proud to have an inclusive workplace environment that will foster your development no matter your gender, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, education level, or race.