About the job
Are you a senior/lead front-end software engineer thats eyeing some NFT's and looking to escape the old world of Web2 and wants to step into Web3 and help build utilities for the Metaverse?
Look no further sir, look no further.

The Company
You must have gotten wind of the recent buzz surrounding NFT's and If you're reading this, chances are you're into this sort of stuff.

So- there's good and bad NFT's. Bad NFT's have no utility only hype, Good NFT's have Utility. This company focusses on the Good kind and they lend them out.

lending NFT's is a thing? Yes, allow me to explain.
A lot of NFT's they have are used for gaming, events, art whatever. Some people just want to play a certain game, go to a certain event or whatever utility the NFT has that fits their need. But don't necessarily want to own or invest in a (sometimes fairly expensive) NFT.

This way they can just rent one, play a game, earn some yield with the P2E game, everything is split, the player gets some, the owner of the NFT get's some and everybody wins.
And this is already being done by a lot of people, but there is a problem.

Everything is managed manually, yes, manually.
There's an administrator keeping track of all passwords, user accounts, yield in excel sheets. Honestly it's laughable. Our client fixes this.
Because they're the first automated NFT lending platform in the world and they have partnered with Chainlink, Rarible and Polygon to name a few and one of the founders is a The Sandbox veteran.

If you're looking for a good place to work in Web3 and make a nice degen play for your life.
This is it.

The Job
You're going to join a team of collaborators and contributors because that's one of the most important aspects of the culture within the company "We are building and envisioning together."

That means one important thing.
You know your stuff and we can trust that you can fix whatever it is you say you'll fix.

And what needs fixing and improving, is the frontend of their platform.
They are protocol first and platform second so the backend needs to be solid before we're moving on to new features in the front-end and that's where you come in!

You will be responsible for implementing new features, building the dashboard for users, delegate tasks to your team, manage the development process, you know what comes with the job of a senior engineer.

The Requirements
4+ years of experience in frontend software engineering
Frontend leadership experience
You just get it
Wished you bought BTC in 2010
Even if you bought BTC in 2010 you'd still want to work in Web3 because it's awesome!
React
Typescript
TailwindCSS
Web3 is a bonus but not required

The Yield
A completely remote job
The coolest job of all your friends
Salary up to 150k per year
A place at the table of the future
You'll need to explain it about 300 times to people what we work on until' they get it but that's a burden we all live with

Sound good and want to know more? Great! Contact me at +31651659849 or R.stikkelman@haystackpeople.nl.