About the job
On behalf of e.fundamentals, Ciklum is looking for a Middle JavaScript (Node.js) Developer to join our team full-time in Spain.
We are a leading global product engineering and digital services company that unites 4000+ seasoned professionals globally on various projects in healthcare, fintech, travel, sportswear, entertainment, and security. Ciklum delivers high-impact technology solutions to Fortune 500 and fast-growing organisations worldwide.

About the role:
As a Middle JavaScript (Node.js) Developer, become a part of a cross-functional development team working for the e.fundamentals. We're looking for a can-do spirited team member to work with the Squad Lead to help onboard new retailers around the world and help to improve and world class operational development experience.

About the Client:
e.fundamentals develops an eCommerce analytics platform, built on GCP, that allows a growing number of world class manufacturers to increase their sales across all online channels. They help big names like Kellogg's, PepsiCo and Mars achieve outstanding results.
The e.fundamentals platform is built on a modern tech stack, which we evolve to make sure we’re using the best tool for the job:
The data acquisition platform is built with Java, NodeJS and Typescript
Neo4J, ElasticSearch and MySQL are our primary databases
We use Google Big Query for our Data Warehouse
We use Looker for BI Visualisations
The e.fundamentals service is built with React and NodeJS
Everything runs on Google Cloud Platform deployed with Kubernetes
You will join the Data Acquisition Squad with a mission to gather, enrich and make useful the vast quantities of data that power every e.fundamentals product. It currently gathers over 4 million pages per day from around 500 retailers around the world. The Data Acquisition Squad build, maintain and evolve the in-house Data Acquisition platform.

Responsibilities:
Analyse bot and anti-bot systems and how they detect robots
Build and improve our anti-antibot system and captcha-solving algorithms
Create and monitor our custom data acquisition platform adding new metrics for observability and alerting
Be able to think outside the box to solve hard difficult to replicate data challenges
Have a passion for technology and are constantly learning

Requirements:
Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML, DOM, HTTP, and CSS
A talent for coding with strong skills in JavaScript (Nodejs/Typescript)
Experience crawling or analysing webpages
Experience consuming data from and creating Restful API’s
A test first mentality
A solid grounding in the understanding of agile software development

Desirable:
Experience with Web Scraping and associated challenges: anonymization, captcha solving, and fingerprinting
Cloud technology, especially Google Cloud Platform
System Networking and Web Traffic
Data analysis and SQL skills

What's in it for you?
A dynamic and highly motivated international team of skilled and experienced professionals
Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client
Continuous learning/development opportunities and progressive career paths
Competitive salary
Flexible working hours

About us:
Join a well-established company and a friendly team of professionals.
Seize the perks of global opportunities, local atmosphere and industry-leading clients.
We can’t wait to get to know you!

Be bold, not bored!

Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.