About the job
Join HeyTrade, a wealth tech company on a mission to facilitate investment for all traders. We’ve built a full-fledged product to trade in real shares, in the world’s main stock markets, with extremely low commissions. This means our business is built on dreamers and doers who believe in relentlessly exploring what’s possible in tech. We’re enthusiastic, playful and deeply invested in our product, and looking for a talented Senior Backend Engineer to join our Backend Team.

Ideally, you’ll have:
Knowledge of JVM (Java/Kotlin), Spring Framework / Spring Boot, Testing (TDD, testing frameworks, culture and tools), GIT/Maven/Gradle, Container deploy model (Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes), Design patterns, SOLID, hexagonal architectures.
You are result-oriented; you understand that outcome is important, not warm the chair because we measure results, not hours.
Confidence working with GIT, Maven or Gradle, docker, etc.
Experience with pragmatic TDD technique.
Understanding of AWS and serverless.

This describes you so well, that it’s almost scary:
You’re a senior-level candidate that needs low supervision and guidance with 5-8 years of experience in the specific domain and that can help and provide feedback to junior and medium-level programmers.
You’re fully capable of taking substantial features from concept to shipping as the sole programmer (alongside a designer).
You love helping and training junior or less-experienced colleagues, so you bring awesome interpersonal skills to the table.
You’ve got strong foundations of the base knowledge (CAP Theorem, JVM memory model…).
You’ve got strong knowledge in Spring/Spring Boot/Spring Cloud and expect hard questions about the right usage of the framework.

How we roll:
Competitive salary based on experience.
Full autonomy over where you work, remotely or from our brand-new office in Serrano, Madrid. We care more about your work ethic and attitude than your location.
25 days of paid holidays.
Paid medical insurance.
Flexible salary plan with cobee.io allowing a configurable plan to get tax deductions from restaurants, transport, training, and more.
Best-in-class tech equipment.
English classes and unlimited access to Udemy online courses.
A family of colleagues who will make you laugh and support you every step of the way.

At HeyTrade we believe in equal opportunities and value diversity. Whatever your personal situation, we would love to hear from you and learn more about you!

In compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679, we inform you that your personal data will be processed by Heytrade Tech, S.L., for the purpose of including your application in our recruitment processes. You can exercise your data protection rights at dpo@heytrade.com. You can obtain additional information about the processing of your data in our Privacy Policy published at www.heytrade.com