About the job
Salary in euros, Home Office position, multiple benefits!

The Company


Wizeline is a global technology services provider that partners with Fortune 500 companies and startups to build high-quality digital products and platforms that accelerate time-to-market. Our diverse and adaptive teams provide the right combination of solutions and methodologies to deliver results while collaborating with our customers’ teams to foster innovation through continuous learning.

Are You a Fit?
Sounds awesome, right? Now, let’s make sure you’re a good fit for the role.
Must Haves:
To be successful in this role, you need:
3+ Years of hands-on working experience developing secure, scalable enterprise applications.
Frontend experience leveraging React.JS and JavaScript
Some experience with web technologies and frameworks such as AngularJS or Vue.js.
Passion and experience building web-based technology products or applications.
Comfortable in learning new coding languages and frameworks, and seamlessly switching from one to another, when required.
Familiarity with computer science algorithms and data structures to optimize solutions.
Knowledge of relational and/or non-relational databases.
Strong architecture skills, with the ability to select the best stack for each project.
Strong communication skills in English.
Experience in one or more of the most commonly used web applications stacks.

Nice to Haves:
Some nice-to-have qualities that will further help you are:
Experience working with MS Azure Cloud platform.
Familiarity with .NET Core
BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject.
Experience working directly with clients.
Hands-on knowledge of working in Agile environment.
Experience with the latest and greatest web standards, including HTML5 and CSS3.
Strong sense of web design, fundamentals of user experience, and an understanding of accessibility principles.
Holistic experience with the web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.
A code repository you can share with the team, showcasing your contributions to open source projects is a plus.