About the job
Looking to be part of a team that develops leading solutions with proven innovations currently in production?
Be part of System73, a company with a portfolio of disruptive products in the content delivery and media streaming industries. We are expanding internationally beyond our core team currently located at our lovely office in Tenerife (Canary Islands) to ensure we deliver high-quality products and services to both our current and future international customers.
Having grown during the past 5 years from a small startup, we are looking for even more growth bringing more exceptional individuals to our Engineering team. We have engagements with top players and clients in the industry with global audiences, with plans on expanding our operations with new and exciting products. You can check part of our current portfolio on our webpage: www.system73.com
Although this position is full-time, we are very flexible with work schedules, with the possibility of offering a remote position as we see fit. Be ahead of the competition with us!
What you will find in this position
We are looking for a self-motivated and driven Javascript developer to contribute to our team working in the development of web-based frameworks and apps. You will be working alongside other engineers working on different layers of the company. Therefore, a commitment to collaborative problem solving and the creation of quality products is essential.
What we expect from you
Degree in Computer Science, Software engineering, Physics, Mathematics or similar.
+5 years of experience in Javascript.
+3 years of experience in Typescript.
Knowledge about tools such as Webpack, Jest, and NPM.
Knowledge of version control tools and modern CI/CD systems.
Experience with unit testing and test-driven development.
Passion for working with multiple teams and learning new skills.
Whilst remote working is fully supported and encouraged, and we are flexible in several aspects, it is also important to start the day in tandem with the team. The team starts the day at 9 A.M. WET with a standup meeting.
Nice to have, in no particular order
Some knowledge in video streamings, such as HLS, DASH, and the related production/delivery chain.
Background and knowledge on network protocols, WebRTC, and general P2P technologies and concepts.

What we offer
Competitive salary.
Promotion of equal opportunities within our organization.
Opportunity to learn, develop and apply state-of-the-art technologies.
A healthy company culture with communication, openness, and common sense as our daily drivers.
A stimulating work environment with worldwide customers, with priority on work-life balance with flexible working hours. We trust you because you trust the team!
Nice venue in Tenerife, our office is located in the historical center of La Laguna. There is also the possibility to work remotely if you prefer not to relocate.