About the job
Back End Developer
Remote, flexible hours, European time zone desirable
About RPA Supervisor
Originally founded in Norway in 2019 by industry veterans, we have seen 2 years of hypergrowth as Enterprise (FTSE 100, Fortune 500) customers flock to our new technology offering that allows them to orchestrate, manage and monitor their RPA implementations, saving huge amounts of money and allowing them to reach scale that was previously impossible.
Recently backed by MMC Ventures, a top UK Venture Capital firm, in our Seed Round, we are continuing our extreme growth in 2022 to a future funding round. Revenue and staff are both international in nature, with clients and teams in the UK, Norway, USA, Netherlands and Germany.
Our ethos
We are friendly and informal people! We are passionate about our company and team as we all have a stake in our success. We have an inclusive environment welcoming the skills and experience from many diverse backgrounds, together we have created who we are and what we sell. We are proud of our achievements and continue to strive for the unknown.
What you will be doing
Implementation of new product features in Back End and possibly some Front End.
Create new and improve on existing algorithms, like our RPA orchestration algorithms.
Full responsibility over code quality, performance and design choices.
Participate in code and design reviews, teach and learn from other engineers.
Help train and mentor junior developers.
Be comfortable in helping to demonstrate our product to internal and external audiences.
Be a lead-advocate for engineering quality - leading adherence to definition of done, and ensuring the number of stories coming back from QA are minimised
What we’re looking for
Robust .NET Core Web applications development skill and excellent understanding of MSSQL.
Windows Services in .Net Core development experience is an asset but not a requirement.
Familiar with DevOps concepts and technologies such as CI/CD, configuration management, virtual machines or containers and cloud hosting services such as Azure, etc.
Software engineering best practices knowledge (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation, SCRUM, Kanban).
You have a curious mind that wants to learn about our customers and how we can provide value to them through our product.
You have attention to detail and quality, but in an efficient and non-obsessive way.
You are comfortable with getting into existing code bases.
You are able to work independently when needed, and alongside teammates on projects, often at the same time.
You are fluent in spoken and written English
Though not essential any experience with vanilla JavaScript is advantageous, but may impress us further if you also know React
Good to know
At RPA Supervisor we respect and reward skills, experience, and performance. We operate in multiple countries and our compensation and benefits vary across geographies whilst remaining in line with local legislation and preferences.
In addition to your base salary, you will benefit from bonus/performance-related pay, pension, insurance, and a whole range of other flexible benefits including share options.
We also empower our people with flexible working options and funded learning opportunities. Investing in you and helping you grow as an individual is part of what we do.
How to apply
Click the link and upload your CV.
RPA Supervisor is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request.

For further information regarding our obligations to the protection of your personal data during the application stage, please email Recruitment@rpasupervisor.com.

For hires outside of the UK, Norway, and the US we will engage you via our Employer of Record, www.oysterhr.com/. They will employ you through their local entity and take care of paying your salary, all local taxes, benefits, your employment agreement, and full legal compliance. This gives you the comfort of being an employee with full rights and protection in your local jurisdiction whilst pursuing your role with us here at RPA Supervisor.