About the job
DEVELOPMENT, ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD (100% REMOTE) ONLY

Open to applicants globally!

Who You Are
Ideally you are a brilliant 3D Software Engineer with ~5 years of 3D graphics programming experience in languages/technologies like C++, C#, JavaScript, Python, OpenGL, WebGL, Vulcan, DirectX, OpenCL, raytracing, CAD/3D plugins, and Unreal (UE4). VR, AR, mobile experience is also a bonus.

Who We Are
Founded over 10 years ago with 70 people globally, we build software for the World's Best Enterprises, Startups, and VC's. Our customers include Epic Games, AUDI, BMW, AMD, Intel, IKEA, Adidas, and many other wonderful brands.

Companies come to us to solve some of their biggest technology problems and opportunities and with our expertise we are the go to for anything 3D!

We make awesome software products people love! We do all things Digital, Games, 3D, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Apps, and Web.

Find out exactly what we are all about here: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/magic-behind-4d-pipeline-4d-pipeline/?trackingId=jwVjgYi0rjNVUYfzy%2FAoBw%3D%3D

What You Will Be Doing
You'll be playing a key role in each project and will be continuously learning new technologies and working on cutting edge products. Most of all, you'll enjoy your work and the people you work with and we'll do all that we can to help you meet and exceed your goals.

Here is a video on some of the amazing things you will get to work on with us now or in the future: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEPpzTq23zs

Work from home, 32-40 hours per week, with a flexible schedule. This is a long term, ongoing opportunity as a remote contractor.

Come make a masterpiece with us and join one of the best teams you can imagine working on great projects.

Join us, and in return - we will give you great work, great clients, great team, and a long term great profitable relationship.

You Must Have The Following To Be Considered
Work from anywhere in the world - working remotely from where you live
Available from 32-40 hours per week
Must be able to work weekdays
Please do not apply if you have a full time job you want to keep - we need your full attention and time
Must be an individual willing to work on contract, NOT an agency or firm
You will be asked to have a video interview and programming test to qualify for the position
Communicating in English is required

Learn More About Us
www.4dpipeline.com
We are excited to meet you and wish you the most fulfilling career in chasing your 3D dreams.

Additional Information:
Frequency: Per hour
Remote Job: Fully remote and open to candidates globally
Employment type: Contract - renewable
Commitment: 32-40 hours per week