About the job
Busuu is one of the top EdTech companies in the world and has won numerous awards for its innovation and impact in language learning.

Busuu’s vision is to empower everyone in the world through languages. We are the world’s largest online community for language learning, with more than 120+ million users from 190 countries, growing at up to 40,000 new users per day. We make learning a language easy by combining AI-powered courses with instant feedback from our global community of native speakers and live tutoring from qualified teachers across the world.

In January 2022, Busuu was acquired by one of the largest EdTech companies in the world, Chegg (NYSE:CHGG). Being part of Chegg will help us to accelerate our growth and achieve our vision even faster.

If you are interested in EdTech and want to be a part of a mission-driven organisation, then we would like to hear from you.

What does a Senior Backend Engineer do at Busuu?

You’ll have the opportunity to be at the center of our biggest and most exciting phase yet, making important decisions that will help you grow and define your career as a Software Engineer. You’ll ship code often, support it all the way to production, and work with our web/mobile engineers and product teams to ensure a joined-up experience for our users.

You’ll be learning fast through different initiatives (guilds, reading clubs, learning together meetings, personal learning budget…), and keeping up with the latest industry standards.
As a Backend Engineer, you’ll be key to us releasing high quality, bug free software daily and you'll be key to ensuring we are running at maximum efficiency to deliver for the business and our users.

As the Busuu engineering team grows the backend architecture needs to grow with it. You’ll play a key part in building independently scalable microservices in two of the main areas of the business, growth and payments.

We want to expand our backend network around the globe to deliver a faster response time for our users, this means you’ll be working with globally distributed systems and resilient software.

Our tech stack:
Our projects are built on a distributed platform composed of different API services.
Our main project is built with NodeJS with TS following DDD, Hexagonal Architecture, CQRS with an event-driven architecture.
The new microservices are built following the same architecture as previously mentioned.
GraphQL and REST for client communication.
Kafka and Protobuf for event-driven architecture.

What we’re looking for in a Senior Backend Engineer:
Excellent knowledge of Node.js
Experience building robust services with Design Patterns.
Good experience in data modeling and performance optimisation using relational databases (we use MySQL and PostgreSQL).
Solid knowledge of REST API design.
Experience with microservices architecture.
Exposure to the architecture of high-traffic web platforms.
Experience with testing methodologies, performance debugging, and benchmarking.
Experience in defining the whole process of development, from initial design to deployment and support.
Willing to participate in leading projects from a technical standpoint.
Experience with Domain Driven Design, Hexagonal Architecture, CQRS or Event Driven Architecture are very nice to have.


At Busuu we want to ensure that you have access to some great benefits:
Our centrally located offices are well-equipped with free breakfast, plenty of snacks, fresh fruit, and free dinner of your choice if you need to stay late
Busuu offers a great Private Health Insurance scheme
There is a personal training budget just for you, so you can learn more in your field to ensure our employees can continuously grow and progress in their careers
We like to support our teams with their work-life balance so we offer flexible working hours and a hybrid model of working
We offer enhanced maternity and paternity leave
Staying connected as a team is very important to us, so we have lots of social activities for you to join such as team lunches, Friday socials, quarterly team, and company events

What happens next
We aim to have a simple and speedy hiring process and we want to make sure that we are right for you as much as the other way around. The hiring process for Backend Engineering is the following steps:
CV application review - We will review it as quickly as possible
Let’s chat - Quick chat with our recruiter about your experience and the role
Technical questions - Technical call with the Backend team
Technical test - We will send you a technical test to complete in your time
Coding review - Technical interview and task review with the Backend team
Culture fit interview - On-site or video call with the Engineering Manager

Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. We pride ourselves on embracing our differences, whether they're cultural, racial, religious or otherwise. This means each one of us comes to work knowing that we have a voice – and a safe, judgment-free zone to speak freely.
If you like the sound of that, join us. We'd love to hear what you have to say.