About the job
One of the companies we work with is looking for a Senior Backend Engineer to join the team.
Remote candidates must be living (or willing to live) in: Spain.

As a Platform Team Senior Software Engineer, your main responsibility will be coding on:
Our public dashboard that our clients, publishers, and advertisers use to get the most from our ad tech platform
The internal tools that our Business Operations and Support teams use on a daily basis to help drive value to our customers

This will be done by:
Focusing on delivery, not disregarding quality
Paying attention to architecture and applying coding best practices (clean code, automated testing, code reviews, etc.) in order to keep a high-quality development
Deploying several times through our continuous integration processes and tools
Following Agile principles, allowing you to regularly show your work, and receiving timely feedback from Product and Business that will let you know about the impact of your work

Who you are:
Degree in CS, mathematics, physics or equivalent work experience.
Abstract thinking and analytical skills.
Many years of experience in backend development using object-oriented languages.
Experience working with unit testing frameworks on both backend and frontend.
Comfortable with DevOps/CI tools (Travis, Jenkins, etc.).
Comfortable working with Docker.
Good knowledge of development tools like Git.

The following experience would be a plus:
Python, ideally with FastAPI or Flask.
Experience in frontend development in frameworks like React/Redux (preferred), VueJS, or Angular, ideally with TypeScript.
Domain-Driven Design.
Implementing and using monitoring tools in production (Elasticsearch/Kibana, Datadog, etc.)
Working with cloud infrastructure products (Kubernetes) and providers like GCP, AWS and/or Azure.

Perks:
Flexible schedule based on core hours and the possibility of working from home.
Private health insurance.
Annual budget for your professional development.
Company-sponsored lunch.
Healthy snacks, coffee, and drinks in our cool office in the center of Barcelona - near subway and train stations.
English/Spanish lessons.
Gym membership.
Transportation reimbursement.
Team building events.

Hiring Process (all via Zoom):
Introduction call
Interview with Engineering Manager
Technical Interview
Meet the team (Yes!! You get to meet your potential co-workers :D)

Joppy is a tech recruitment platform built for developers by developers.
✅ No CV required. Just say what you know and what you want.
✅ Anonymous profile by default.
✅ You choose who can talk to you. Companies can't write to you until you accept their offer.
✅ Only relevant offers matching your preferences. No more Javascript offers for Java developers.
✅ Get a reward if you get hired.
Keep an eye on tech job opportunities anonymously and match the job that makes you happy.