About the job
At Fast Forward Solutions, we are specialists in digital and technology recruitment, understanding business challenges in areas of technology, finance, and sales. We support employers to find top talents, and we empower candidates to build exciting careers.

Currently, for our client SAP International Partner, we are looking for a Mid / Senior Full-stack Engineer.

It is a software company specializing in high-end SAP-based solutions for enterprise cost accounting, profitability analysis, and performance management. We, as part of the msg-group, enable our customers around the world to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and make a difference.
You can join a dynamic team in one of our two locations – Wrocław, Poland and Walldorf, Germany as a Full-Stack Engineer to drive the product development of our solution SAP Profitability and Performance Management Cloud.


Your daily doing:
Develop modern cloud application with Typescript (v.4+), Node.js (v.16+), Nest.js.

Your daily technology stack:
JavaScript/TypeScript (Node.js: NestJS, TypeORM, Express.js; React: Redux, GoJS; Jest)
SAP Hana DB
SAP Cloud Platform (SAP BTP)
Cloud Foundry, K8S, Docker

Your skills:
Very strong skills with modern JavaScript/TypeScript (Node.js: NestJS, TypeORM, Express.js; React: Redux, GoJS; Jest)
SAP Hana DB or other DB
SAP Cloud Platform (SAP BTP)
Cloud Foundry, K8S, Docker JavaScript ecosystem, Typescript and Node.js
Commercial experience in web development (Node.js / Express) 4+ years
Experience with popular public cloud services (AWS, Azure)
Experience with relational databases
Experience with React functional components, hooks and context API
Experience working with 3rd party libraries (we work with TypeORM)
Fluency in English, written and spoken
Independent individual focused on getting things done

Nice to have:
Familiarity with Jest / other testing libraries
Knowledge of OData.
Knowledge of SAP CAP (CDS)
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines setup
Knowledge of Design Patterns / Best Practices
Fluency in German

This offer:
60k-100K EUR permanent contract (FTE) - B2B is not possible for our Client
Possibility of individual agreement on remote work within the EU
Access to innovative and emerging technologies
Possibility of combining professional and private life (flexible working hours, health and sports benefits, etc.)
A challenging and multicultural working environment with ongoing support from buddies, mentors, colleagues, and managers
A team which lives according to the core values of collaboration, thought leadership and entrepreneurship
Internal and external functional and technical training and certifications
Wide range of employee benefits like Private Medical Insurance, fitness card, Training budget etc.
A passion for technology and people as well as the opportunity to join an expert team with access and influence in different markets worldwide

Remote work policy:
Due to it's legal requirements work remotely on full time job requires being present in these countries where our Client has the legal subsidary: Bulgaria, Croatia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Poland, Serbia, Spain, Switzerlan, United Kingdom
Other countries also outside EU there is a need to relocate to EU (Poland, Romania or Germany)
Client will help with relocation permissions and the process.