About the job
POSITION: Frontend Development Intern

LOCATION: Remote

SCHEDULE: Part-time (10-20h/week)

About Brainnest:

The business management and training company headquartered in Bremen, Germany. We are a success-driven firm that provides management advisory and contracting services customized to help companies from different industries with business management problems. Brainnest runs, leads, and manages complex projects and initiatives. We have begun from scratch when a network of professionals, Ph.D. holders, and highly skilled personnel bring to the business table their practical and academic years of experience to form up a concrete blueprint on which the company has been designed. Since 2020, we offer a combination of expertise, proficiency, and commitment, leveraging our deep industry experience and applying analytical rigor to deliver exceptional results for companies. We proudly provide top-class consulting and training services for a wide range of industries around the world. A well-equipped team, advanced tools, and modern methodologies are some of what we correctly utilize to offer our clients what makes them the best in their fields.

Our team is looking for a Frontend Development Intern to join them in the upcoming weeks. This position is great for an aspiring frontend development professional looking to work on business-critical projects and gain relevant work experience.

Your profile:

Strong communication skills with the ability to discuss any issues with a wide variety of individuals and groups
Capability to produce content on time, with attention to detail, and an emphasis on identifying and pitching to a target audience
A well-organized team player with the ability to perform various tasks, act individually, and think creatively
Willingness to learn and develop frontend development skills
Competitive and proactive attitude
Capacity to stay professional in stressful/dispute situations
Fluency in English

You will learn how to:

Help create landing pages for our new services, features, webinars, and marketing campaigns
Maintain, evolve and improve our website experience for thousands of users
Work closely with our friendly, creative, and helpful marketing team, sales team, and project managers
Design, build, test, deploy and maintain mission-critical, customer-facing web applications
Use different technologies and tools to support the delivery of high-quality software
Adjust different approaches dependent on project requirements
Write clear and consistent code and assure its quality
Analyze project requirements, design documents, and maintain software specifications as a member of the project development team
Accomplish complex business projects and cooperate with an international client

At Brainnest, we’re committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We strive to be a more equal opportunity workplace.