About the job
About Kisi

Job description

Kisi is a security platform with offices in Brooklyn and Stockholm and a global remote team spanning from America, Europe, Africa and Asia. We create hardware and software that helps businesses connect and control their spaces through the cloud.

A Little Bit More About Our Team

We value being forward, human, trusted, and responsible. As a team, we make a tangible and lasting impact on the real world.
Our product
Our customers and users come first - We are rated 4.9 in the
Our team is unique (and a bit quirky) and diverse. We hail from 27 nationalities (& counting!) and look forward to our annual global meetup to bring the whole team together.
We are building a supportive and flexible working environment by offering health & retirement benefits (location based), generous vacation time and daily challenges and growth.

About The Role

We are looking for a Frontend developer to join our marketing team, to be working closely with our Marketing Director and Digital Art Director. Responsibilities include:

Implement new pages and optimize existing pages on getkisi.com;
Expand and improve upon our component library;
Improve hubspot templates;
Create and optimize landing pages;
Collaborate regularly with designers, backend engineers and project managers;
Ensure alignment of user experience requirements with design needs;
Ensure optimal design across devices;
Enhance application for maximum speed and stability.

Our stack:

Frontend: Nuxtjs, storybook, jest
Backend: Express, CMS: Sanity
Workflow: Github actions.

Requirements:

Requirements

2+ years experience with frontend development
Have a strong interest and understanding of design, for mobile and web
Good understanding of one or more modern JavaScript frameworks (Nuxt, React, Angular, Vue, etc.)
Great communication skills
Passionate about both clean code and clean design!
Self driven and willing to work with a lot of autonomy

This will ideally be a hybrid role in our Stockholm office, but we can also accept applications for remote working!