About the job
Do you see yourself as a dedicated Full Stack Developer who wants to set new standards for how to build an automated data management system? Are you excited when we tell you that you will take part in a growth journey that will shake the foundation of the establishment?

Then read on – you might be one we are looking for!

Time is our only finite resource, which is why we at TimeXtender constantly strive to simplify, automate, and execute on what matters most. In a world where data is omnipresent, we seek to go beyond data management into data empowerment with the newly launched version of our future-proofed Data Estate Builder.

Your role as a Full Stack Web Developer

As a Full Stack Web Developer, you will play a key part in the development of our web based TimeXtender SaaS Portal that is the entry point for customers to manage their solutions and partners to manage their customers. You will work closely together with fellow Xpeople from the Engineering Circle, who work in 4 modules on the development of the TimeXtender® offering. This involves also being a part of making technical decisions and being a strong voice within the development circle.

Your knowledge spans beyond your specialization, and you have a deep understanding not just of technology, but the ecosystem it exists in. This knowledge enables you to see your work as part of a bigger context, and you are always updated on any changes in the industry.

This position is remote in the Nordics, Netherlands, UK, or Ireland!

We are looking for you if you:

Have 1-4 years of experience as a Full Stack Web developer
Are design-oriented
Have experience and skills in Angular
Know your way around Microsoft .NET and C#
Don’t mind being the first one to try out a new way of doing things
Have a focus on getting things done and proactively reach out when you need help
Have a growth-oriented mindset with the ability to see through solutions when identifying problems and seeing learning and improvement as key factors for success
Are a social person (we like to spend time with each other)
Can work independently within an agile framework
Have an eye for creating good user experiences
Want a say in the whole process from a feature comes in until it is shipped.
Are curious and constantly seek out new knowledge
Have a need for creating the best user experience

We offer:

A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to join an ambitious, global, hyper-growth company that seeks to make a real impact on the world with our core purpose of "Empowering the world with data, mind and heart. Because time matters."
The opportunity to grow your professional and personal skills in a unique and innovative culture
Working as a part of a fully distributed organization with satellite offices around the world. We measure on output and we don’t count hours. We trust Xpeople to find the right work-life balance.
Becoming a part of a talented group of diverse, curious, and passionate colleagues around the world who love to network and have fun online. We also meet up on a regular basis because we love spending time with all Xpeople.
A salary based on market value, health insurance, and a beneficial pension scheme.
Autonomy over your time - both the time you spend working and the time you spend recharging. This means a beneficial paid maternity/paternity leave and unlimited paid time off (PTO).
Laptop, monitor, etc. and reimbursement of phone and internet cost. To help Xpeople to have an optimal home office setup, we let you expense up to a 1.000 USD for whatever improvement targeting your wellbeing are relevant.



About TimeXtender and the Xpeople

At TimeXtender, everything we do is 100% driven by our core purpose “Empower the world with data, mind, and heart”

We believe in simplify, automate, and execute, and we always engage fully charged - because time matters.

We have been on a mission since 2006 to automate the work around data estates with our market-leading Data Estate Builder.

We are 100% partner-driven, and we are happy to help our partners deliver cutting edge data estates to more than 3000 companies in 95 countries.

We are a fully distributed organization, with Xpeople of more than 10 nationalities working across 9 different time zones. We have a few satellite offices for co-creation and socializing, but our focus is always on finding the best possible talent around the world to join the Xpeople.

Just because we are a market leader in data estate builders and are experiencing rapid growth, we never relax our ambitions. We work relentlessly on our rolling KPIs for each quarter, ensuring that we constantly deliver. This keeps us on our toes and guides our decisions to become 100x bigger in the next 10 years.

We believe in autonomy and empowering the Xpeople by working in a Circle organization with no managers and hierarchies, all to foster innovation and execution power to drive us all forward - fast.

We can't wait to hear from you!

For questions, please contact Julie Bønkel Dall, Talent Acquisition Specialist
jbdall@timextender.com