About the job
IntePros is seeking a Remote Full Stack Developer to join our premier client. This candidate should be passionate about building high-quality systems utilizing software implementation best practices. They will contribute to an experienced and energetic team on a rapid, agile development schedule and will be expected to mentor developers with less experience, lead design discussions, perform code reviews, evaluate technology, and provide software solutions to meet business objectives. This role will also train team members in creating deployment packages and how to provide support for promoting deployments through environments.

Full Stack Developer Requirements:

6 or more years of experience in the following:
Experience in Cloud / SaaS technologies, API integration, containerization.
Experience in creating user interface screens including support for all major browsers and mobile form factors
Experience in developing and consuming web services and integration concepts including REST, SOAP, JSON & XML
Proficient in developing configurable Workflows to support business processes.
Hands-on experience on any JavaScript technologies like Node, Angular, REACT
Experienced in Release Management, CI/CD and has working experience with tools like Jenkins, ANT, or any other CI/CD tools
Create and maintain reports and dashboards
Experience in utilizing Orchestration between various application tiers
Good understanding of security guidelines for enterprise applications.
Experience in setting up API management and governance.
Ability to define the interfaces and components for overall system-level design.
Experience in implementation of security best practices
Experience in leading teams through design discussions
Experience in developing the architecture of technical solutions 8 or more years of experience in the following:
Experience in supporting live production systems environment .
Expert level experience using source code controls like TFS, GitHub, BitBucket. etc.
Experience in five or more of the following: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XML/XSL, SQL, XAML, ADO.NET, JSON
Leads design and deployment of solutions using n-tier architectures (UI, Business Logic Layer, Data Access Layer)
Leads design and development of relational databases, normalization concepts, triggers, functions, and procedures. Creates, reads and edits ER diagrams
Ability to write advanced and complex SQL queries including performance tuning
Develops using principles of enterprise patterns (MVC, MVVM, etc.)
Advanced working knowledge using n-tier architectures (UI, Business Logic Layer, Data Access Layer)
Leads development teams in design discussions
Advanced knowledge building scalable enterprise applications using Microsoft .NET and various integration technologies.
Experience in .Net Core is a plus
Advanced development experience in HTML5/CSS3

Full Stack Developer Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in information technology or similar field that is closely related to the body of specialized knowledge required to perform the job duties
Current certifications demonstrating knowledge and understanding of relevant technologies will be a plus
Ability to quickly learn new concepts and software and mentor others is necessary
Self-motivated, independent, detail oriented and responsible team-player
Excellent communication and writing skills, including the ability to interpret user requirements and generate technical
Good organizational skills and expected to multi-task
Ability to adapt quickly to an existing, complex and fast moving environment
Passionate about building high-quality systems using software development best practices and encourage this passion in junior team members
Expert troubleshooting and problem resolution skills
Experienced in working on an agile / scrum development team. Knowledgeable in all scrum ceremonies and artifacts