About the job
4-6 years of hands-on experience in developing web-based software applications.
Collaborate with product managers and your peers to execute on a broad range of projects for the digital products.
Responsible for future enhancements to designing and building technical solutions.
Design complex, secure and optimized web-based applications using Java, Spring and will be equipped with modern CI/CD developer tool kit (STS/IntelliJ, GitHub, Jenkins, and Nexus), JWT etc.
Work closely within a cross-functional Agile delivery team to understand requirements, create development story design documents, and implement stories.
Break down a product vision into workable technical solutions to solve business problems
Build high quality software for large scale and highly available systems
Provide strong technical and team leadership
Talk about your work with both technical and non-technical team members (Offshore and Onshore)
Promote a risk-aware culture, ensure efficient and effective risk and compliance management practices by adhering to require standards and processes
Required Skills & Responsibilities:
Must have hand on experience with Java and Spring Modules (Boot, Security, MVC, Batch, Cloud, etc.) for large scale applications.
Experience in working on any Cloud Platform ( AWS, PCF and/ or Azure etc.).
Experience in working on Event driven application development (MQ, Kafka etc.).
Experience designing REST APIs and implementing RESTful web services.
Hands on experience working on CI/CD – DevOps ( Jenkins etc.) tools.
Experience in working on ReactJS, AngularJS etc.
Design and implement applications that are running on J2EE platform.
Good understanding of SCRUM/Agile methodologies.
Experience using continuous integration and delivery concepts and software (Jenkins, GitHub, Gradle, Nexus, etc.)
Excellent trouble-shooting skills, with the ability to quickly identify and document the root cause of issues, and effectively communicate possible resolutions
Assist with and understand the building of applications using stored procedures, functions, and triggers on RDBMS such as Oracle and/ or NoSQL DBMS such as MongoDB.
Own the quality of the product, from code architecture to end-user quality.
Value Added Skills:
Knowledge in working on Kubernetes or OpenShift.
Knowledge on in-memory databases like Spring Data - Gemfire, Redis, Cassandra and Spring H2 Technologies.