About the job
FullStack Labs is the fastest-growing software consultancy in the Americas. We help organizations like Uber, GoDaddy, MGM, Siemens, Stanford University, and the State of California, build distributed software development teams, and deliver transformational digital solutions. As an employee-first company, we focus on hiring the most talented software designers and developers in the western hemisphere, by creating a positive, respectful, and supportive work environment where they can achieve their greatest potential.

We’re most proud of:
Offering life-changing career opportunities to talented software professionals across the Americas.
Building highly-skilled software development teams for hundreds of the world’s greatest companies.
Having delivered hundreds of successful custom software solutions, which have positively impacted the lives and careers of millions of users.
Our 4.7-star rating on GlassDoor.
Our client Net Promoter Score of 64, twice the industry average.
Sustained growth of 100% - 200% per year.

The Position:

We're looking to hire several mid-level and senior Java developers to join our team. You'll work with our incredible clients in one of two ways:
Team Augmentation / Staffing: You will integrate yourself directly into our client's team and work alongside their existing designers and engineers on a daily basis.
Design & Build: You will work on a FullStack Labs product team to build and deliver a product to our clients.

What We're Looking For:
3+ years of professional software development experience. 5+ years preferred but not required.
Meaningful experience working with Java.
Experience working on large, complex systems.
Experience working on Agile / Scrum teams.
A four-year college degree is required.
Ability to take extreme ownership over your work. Every day is a challenge to ensure you are performing to the expectations you and your team have agreed upon.
Ability to identify with the goals of FullStack's clients, and dedicate yourself to delivering on the commitments you and your team make to them.
An understanding of best practices and a commitment to following them.
Ability to work through new and difficult issues and contribute to libraries as needed.
A positive mindset and can-do attitude.
Forensic attention to detail.
You’re passionate about software development...it’s not just your career, it’s your hobby. You’re constantly striving to learn new things and improve. You follow industry news, regularly tinker with new technologies, and read books and blogs to keep your skills current.
Ability to consistently work 40 hours per week.

Benefits:
Competitive Salary.
Paid Time Off (vacation, sick leave, maternity and paternity leave, holidays).
100% remote work.
The ability to work with leading startups and Fortune 500 companies.
Health, dental, vision insurance.
401(k) w/ 4% match.
Virtual company events each month.
Ample opportunity for career advancement.
Continuing education opportunities.

FullStack Labs is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form, which can be provided upon request during our hiring and interview process.

Learn more about our Applicants Privacy Notice .