About the job
ABOUT US:

Braintrust is the only network that gives in-demand talent all the freedom of freelance with all the benefits, community and stability of a full-time role. As the first decentralized talent network, our revolutionary Web3 model ensures the community that relies on Braintrust to find work are the same people who own and build it through the blockchain token, BTRST. So unlike other marketplaces that take 20% to 50% of talent earnings, Braintrust allows talent to keep 100% of earnings and to vote on key changes to improve the network. Braintrust is working to change the way freelance works – for good.
JOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position (no agencies/C2C - see notes below)
LOCATION: Remote - Work from anywhere (TimeZone: CST | Partial overlap)
HOURLY RANGE: Our client is looking to pay $50 – $75/hr
ESTIMATED DURATION: 40h/week - Long-term

THE OPPORTUNITY

Qualifications
Strong understanding of JavaScript and Node.js
3+ years experience with JavaScript and Node.js
Experience with TypeScript
Ability to write front-end code as needed
Understanding of serverless / microservice / cloud infrastructure and data pipelines
Experience writing unit tests
Experience publishing npm modules
Experience with git, pull requests, and automated testing
Experience working on a small team, where clear, efficient, and respectful communication is critical

Bonus Points For…
Vue.js or React experience
Familiarity with Ruby
Experience with using MongoDB and AWS
Experience working and integrating with third-party APIs

Responsibilities
Ship clean, well-tested, and highly observable code to production on a regular basis
Participate in planning to iterate and continuously improve the product, helping to make strategic and technical decisions as we scale our platform
Perform code reviews and collaborate with peers
Collaborate on design specifications and communicate trade-offs of different approaches
Troubleshoot production issues
Write clear technical documentation

Company Overview

Our client is the SaaS platform for consent-based marketing.

Their comprehensive product suite empowers companies across industries to take real-time action on their leads, protect themselves from litigation by documenting proof of consent, and save money by providing new levels of data insights and control.

Their mission is to make consent-based marketing the best channel for customer acquisition.

Job Summary

They’re looking for a full stack JavaScript engineer to work on their Accounts team. You’ll help build some of the newest segments of their product suite, both from a frontend and backend point of view. You’ll work with Node.js, Vue.js, and serverless technology to ensure their billing and account platform is top-notch.

Apply Now!

ABOUT THE HIRING PROCESS:

Qualified candidates will be invited to do a screening interview with the Braintrust staff. We will answer your questions about the project, and our platform. If we determine it is the right fit for both parties, we'll invite you to join the platform and create a profile to apply directly for this project.

C2C Candidates: This role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. If you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around their consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.

Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.