About the job
Automation Engineer (JavaScript)
JOB DESCRIPTION
Participate in developing and documenting User Stories by providing the test strategy and automation estimates
Develop, document, and maintain the test strategy and test scenarios
Build and execute unit, component, acceptance, integration, load, security, scalability, usability, and platform tests
Conducts code reviews to ensure consistency, quality, and reusability of test automation artifacts
Partner with the developers to ensure all areas of the application are fully tested and to find technical solutions for test automation
Build and manage automated test suites and ensure execution through various environments, CI-CD pipelines and to be used by NOC teams.
Regularly execute, maintain and upkeep automated test suites and analyze the results to identify the cause for failures.
Create defects for issues found with appropriate details and ensure issues are resolved, including validation of the fix, and required automation updates
Present appropriate results to sign off on software functionality for new Production releases
Work with cross teams and release management team to manage dev, QA, and production release of the software
Perform exploratory testing to understand the feature and how it is implemented, to find additional or unexpected behavior, and to refine and define additional test cases for the feature
Contribute to the QA automation framework using industry standard tools and approaches
Leverage and enhance coding standards and best practices for automated QA code
Participate in analyzing Major Incidents and Emergency Change controls to identify opportunities to automate software quality test cases to reduce or eliminate those

QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experience.
Minimum 7 years of industry experience, preferably in an Agile development environment.
Must have 5+ years of JavaScript experience.
Experience with automated testing tools - Cucumber/Gherkin, Selenium Webdriver, Webdriver IO
Knowledge working with CI/CD processes and tools - preferably Jenkins/JenkinsX.
MUST HAVE Experience with source control versioning tools and processes – Git / Stash.
NICE TO HAVE – experience with querying Couchbase database.
Experience working with databases and various data formats and related technologies for testing. SQL Server and SQL Server Management Studio is a plus
Nice to have - Experience with Splunk analytics for validating technical fixes and updates in the app code/config.
Experience with defect tracking tools (JIRA)
Experience in manual testing.
POS system experience is a plus
Nice to have experience with payment gateways and payment terminals
Nice to have experience with Kubernetes and container-based application deployment and operations
Ability to work independently with an aptitude for detailed work and follow-up activities.
Ability to multitask in a fast-paced agile work environment.
Experience in heavy traffic eCommerce applications is a plus