About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, RHP Soft Inc., is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Hello,

Greetings from RHP Soft Inc.

We are looking for a Java Kotlin Developer It is a 100% Remote and a contract position. If interested, please share your resume at

Title: Java Kotlin Developer

Location: Fort Lauderdale, FL (Hybrid) or Remote

Keyword’s: Java, Kotlin, Microservices, Spring Boot

Interview Mode:
1 round of team’s interview
At least 8+ years of software development experience using Java/Kotlin for large enterprise customers.
At least 3+ years of experience in using Kotlin
At least 6+ years of experience in developing applications using Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate/JPA.
At least 4+ years’ experience with RESTful services and Service Oriented Architecture design patterns using Spring Framework.
At least 3+ years’ experience with relational DBs like Oracle
Experience with building technologies like Gradle and Jenkins.
Experience working within an Agile/Scrum and CI/CD environment.
Experience working with version control using GIT/Bitbucket.
Experience with financial institutions is a big plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to interact well.
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent work experience.

Qualified candidates will be contacted upon reviewing their resume.

About RHP Soft:

RHP Soft is a leading IT Consulting and Technology services firm, offering full-spectrum Consulting, Technology, and Business processing services which span across different verticals such as Banking & Financial Services, Insurance & Healthcare, Communications & Media, Manufacturing & Retail, Energy & Utilities and Hi-Tech.

Our comprehensive portfolio of services includes Application Development & Management, Enterprise Portals, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) & Business Process Management (BPM), Cloud Computing, Enterprise Content Management, Enterprise Application Services, Business Intelligence & Analytics, Application Testing Services and Business & Technology consulting.
provided by Dice