About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, American Cybersystems, Inc., is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

ACS Solutions has an immediate need for a Java Developer with experience in the IT Industry. This is a 6+ months Contact to Hire (Full-Time) opportunity and is in Plano, TX & Houston, TX & Columbus, OH & Chicago, IL & Tampa, Fl & Wilmington, DE & Atlanta, & New Jersey & New York & NC & VA Location on Hybrid Model. Our client is a leading Banking company.

Please review the job description below:

Top Skills: Java.8, Spring Framework, Microservices, APIs

Key Requirements and Technology Experience:

Candidates should have 2 to 7+ years of experience.
Java 8 or higher
Spring Framework
Microservices
React/Angular (for Full Stack Java Developer)
API
Kafka event-driven knowledge would be nice to have

If it creates an interest for you, please email me the latest copy of your resume, through this posting.

Thanks, and regards,

RAJ KISHOR GUPTA

Associate Recruitment at ACS Solutions

A: 2400 Meadowbrook Parkway, Duluth, GA 30096

P: (+1)

ABOUT ACS Solutions.

ACS Solutions is a global provider of information technology solutions, talent solutions and workforce management services. Our Industry vertical based domain expertise, passion for innovation, combined with the power of technologies in cognitive sciences, cloud computing, data sciences, product engineering, robotic process automation, machine learning, and block chain, helps clients envision, build and run their businesses more efficiently. Headquartered in the US, ACS Solutions has grown to over $1.2 BN.

ACS Solutions is a Certified MBE by the Georgia National Minority Supplier Development Council.

ACS solutions has multiple subsidiaries, each focused on the unique area of business:

Analysts international Corporation (Staff Augmentation Services)
The Ascent Services Group Inc. (Life Sciences Talent Solutions)
HireGenics, (Payrolling, IC Compliance, & MSP Services)
DATA Inc. (Information Technology- staffing)

Recent Awards and Recognitions:

6th largest IT staffing firm in the US. (Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA) 2019)
Largest Minority IT Staffing Firm in the US. (SIA 2019)
ClearlyRated® 2020 Best of Staffing award winner for providing remarkable service quality to our clients. This is our ninth consecutive win.

IT and Industry certifications:

Microsoft Gold Partner: Application Development, Cloud Platform, Data Analytics, Data Center, DevOps, Data Platform
AWS Managed Services Partner
Google Cloud Partner
ISO 27001:2013 Certified for Data Security
ISTQB Gold Partner
ISMS (ISO 27001:2017)
SOC2 Type II Compliant.
- provided by Dice