About the job
Infinite Reality is a Metaverse innovation and entertainment company defining the future for brands and consumers. The Metaverse will be transformational in the way brands interact with their audiences, and Infinite Reality is on the bleeding edge. We create ownable metaverse spaces for brands, celebrities, athletes, and performers looking to engage audiences in novel ways and provide VIP experiences in an interactive digital environment.


The Job


Full Stack Web Engineers will design, develop and support high visibility web applications for world class brands. Consumer and brand facing web apps will serve as the authentication and entry point for visitors to enjoy immersive experiences delivered through game engines such as Unreal Engine and Unity, as well power the experiences through configuration consoles. Our product offering requires a seamless User Experience (UX) delivered through modern Javascript-based technology such as Typescript, Angular, Nest.js, Node.js and GraphQL.



Responsibilities


Meeting with the software development team to define the scope and scale of web application projects
Designing software system architecture
Completing data structures and design patterns
Designing and implementing scalable web services, applications, and APIs
Developing and maintaining internal software tools
Writing low-level and high-level code
Troubleshooting and bug fixing
Identifying bottlenecks and improving software efficiency
Collaborating with the design team on developing micro-services
Writing technical documents

Requirements:

4+ years of advanced Javascript experience (Typescript, Angular, and Node.js required)
Experience with traditional databases, namely MongoDB and PostgreSQL
Experience with Nest.js and GraphQL
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills
Familiarity with JavaScript frameworks
Good communication skills - conversational and written English
High-level project management skills.
Able to collaborate, partner with, and learn from other skilled engineers and architects
Conversant with Git
Familiar with user story and collaboration tools such as Jira
Creative, empathetic, optimistic, and curious
Adept at communicating technical concepts clearly and precisely
Able to quickly iterate and improve
A perpetual learner and teacher

Preferred


Experience with Amazon Web Services infrastructure
History working in a fully remote, global team environment and culture
Location preference in North America, or Europe (Northern, Central, Western, Southern)

Benefits:

Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&D)
Paid Time Off
Public Holidays
Family Leave
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Wellness Resources





Infinite Reality is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Infinite Reality's policies prohibit discrimination against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Infinite Reality also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.


Infinite Reality will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.


All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.


Not currently accepting applicants residing in Colorado.