About the job
Job Title: React Native Developer

Location: Remote

Job Description

What You Will Do: As a Software Developer with the end client, you will contribute to the creation of our comprehensive suite of cloud-native enterprise applications in the rapidly growing healthcare software industry. You will be a member of a development team working collaboratively with others in an Agile organization to deliver software that sustains and improves the health of individuals and communities. The client enables access to data with applications across the country, transforming how clinicians and patients interact with technology, which enhances our ability to better serve communities with greater agility and responsiveness. Our associates leverage technology to create collaborative solutions that improve health decisions every day. Our software development teams work autonomously to ensure our greenfield technology is built right from the ground up. We are advocates for a compassionate and just society through our actions and our words, and we are developing software solutions to support that mission Responsibilities: Our React Native developers will be asked to help with building performant mobile apps on both the iOS and Android platforms. They will be responsible for architecting and building these applications, as well as coordinating with the teams responsible for other layers of the product infrastructure. ? Develop high quality enterprise-scale React Native apps with pixel-perfect UIs across both Android and iOS mobile platforms. ? Leverage native APIs for deep integrations with native mobile platforms. ? Diagnose and fix bugs and performance bottlenecks for performance that feels native. ? Maintain code and write automated tests to ensure the product is of the highest quality. ? Break down complex requirements into independent coding tasks and strategies ? Create unit and integration tests to fully test and regress software ? Participate in design and code reviews ? Work with other teams (i.e. Product, PM, etc.) to ensure delivered code meets specifications based on functional/technical specifications ? Participate in Agile routines and ceremonies; daily standups, sprint planning, sprint demos/retrospectives The Best Candidate Would Have: ? B.S in Computer Science or equivalent experience ? 3+ years of professional React Native development experience in an Agile environment ? Strong Computer Science fundamentals in OOAD, MVVM design patterns, data structures, and algorithms ? Strong experience on creating the React-Native modules (npm) for developing reusable custom libraries, components ? Strong experience in creating a Jenkins pipeline using third party tools like fastlane. ? Good experience in deploying the applications on Apple AppStore and Google Playstores ? Proven experience developing in JavaScript and TypeScript languages ? Good foundation at working with third-party libraries (Redux, RxJS) and debugging dependency conflicts ? Strong understanding of mobile app development lifecycle ? Knowledge of object-oriented programming and reactive programming patterns ? Experience using RESTful APIs to integrate mobile applications to server side systems and an understanding of the document request model, and offline storage. ? Experience with automated testing suites, like Jest or Mocha and postman, experience with unit and integration tests (Espresso, JUnit) and Co-routines ? Experience with dependency injection (Dagger) ? Ability to work as part of a large agile-driven software engineering effort, and a strong understanding of professional software engineering best practices for the full SDLC, including CI/CD ? Strong verbal and written communication skills ? Openness to new ideas and an unceasing desire to learn new things ? Outstanding interpersonal skills, a positive mindset, and a collaborative spirit Desired Experience: ? Experience with TDD or BDD ? Experience working with cloud-native, scalable, and highly available distributed systems ? Experience with Atlassian tools: JIRA, Confluence, etc