About the job
Ancora’s mission is “to advance the personal and professional opportunities of students and employees in a value-driven environment.” Ancora’s core values are Integrity, Customer Service, Innovation, and Growth.

As a valuable member of Ancora Education’s application development team, you’ll ensure high-quality systems are delivered that meet business objectives. We are searching for a motivated, team player, self-starter, and creative thinker with a positive attitude to join our team.

About Your Role
Build API in conjunction with the Sr. Application Developers as well as third-party apps
Provide support to Sr. DBA related to SQL performance
You’ll support a wide range of internal web applications and backend integrations that communicate with a variety of 3rd party software.
You’ll perform a variety of tasks related to the analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and maintenance in internal business applications.
Interacts with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels.
Manage multiple projects with competing priorities simultaneously.
Plan and prioritize work assignments to meet scheduled releases.

Preferred Qualifications
3 or more years of SQL Server experience
3 or more years of API development experience
1 or more years of experience with Azure
3 or more years of experience with Anthology CampusNexus API/database architecture
Excellent communication skills and team player with creative and innovative problem-solving abilities.
Strong relationship management skills, enthusiastic and self-driven, with a high degree of commitment.
Strong organizational and planning skills, including the ability to multi-task and adjust to changing priorities, work under pressure, and meet deadlines, in a fast-paced and small-team atmosphere

Technical Skills (in order of importance)
.NET Framework, C#, ASP.NET / ASP.NET Core, MVC, WCF
.NET web applications and web deployment
Microsoft SQL Server
Entity Framework ORM
Understanding of SOA and APIs
Python 3
Git and TFS version control
Visual Studio
React OS/Development
PowerShell scripting
Unit and system testing .

Duties include:
Analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and maintenance of programming solutions and enhancements.
Lead multiple complex projects and tasks to plan, design, develop, test, and implement solutions
Conduct code analysis and systems design for software applications that support business customers.
Develop programming logic, coding, test data, program testing, program documentation, production problem analysis, debugging, and rapid correction.
Participate in complex projects.
Act as a technical advisor/resource for IT staff and the business unit.
Create, modify, and publish documentation.
Provide leadership in identifying, investigating, and recommending opportunities to incorporate emerging technology tools, practices, and techniques to improve the efficient delivery of business functions.