About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Allwyn Corporation, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Position: Full Stack Engineer

Location: Remote

Duration: Long Term

Job Description:

Our hubs, satellite routers and network management software address the growing complexity of deploying and managing global IP networks. Our specialized technology includes transmission security (TRANSEC), Communication Signal Interference Removal (CSIR™) anti-jam technology and Open Antenna Modem Interface Protocol (OpenAMIP). We bring innovation, integration and intelligence to satellite-based IP communications that government and military organizations trust. By providing quality certifications with the most bandwidth-efficient, scalable and highly secure platform, we have rapidly become the technology provider of choice for military and government-driven mission-critical applications.

We are seeking for a team player with solid technical skills to work with our team of smart, creative, and dedicated engineering team-members.

Responsibilities:

This is a senior-level position for a Full Stack Engineer. We value creative problem solving, logical thinking, enthusiasm, and the ability to learn quickly. Candidates must have a strong technical background and be capable of coming up to speed on new technologies quickly. Good communication skills, great problem-solving skills, and the ability to work both individually and collaboratively in a team environment are required. If you enjoy working in a fast-paced environment with the smartest team and the very latest technologies, then this is the job for you!

This is a senior level cross-functional engineering position, developing front and back-end software for our satellite products on a Linux platform.

Responsibilities

Design and implement web application features using modern web frameworks and techniques, from requirements to production and deployment
Add new functionality and solve customer facing bugs within an existing web application
Contribute to the architecture and design of new and existing User Interfaces
Prepare prototypes/screen shots to share with stakeholders for review and approval
Advise on best practices, new techniques, software quality and process improvement
Create, modify and maintain RESTful Web Services
Develop applications built with Go, GraphQL, Vue, and similar modern technologies
Assist with estimation of time and effort required to implement new features
Participate in design reviews, peer code reviews and improve overall product quality

Responsibilities Continued:

Interface with cross-functional teams to successfully implement feature dependencies
Act as a member of, and/or a technical lead of, an Agile scrum team

Qualifications

6+ years of related full stack development
Proven working experience in front and back-end application development
Strong expertise with various JavaScript frameworks (Vue, Angular, etc.)
Strong expertise with Web Services and RESTful Applications
Expertise with NodeJS, WebSockets and in-depth understanding of Microservices methodologies
Familiarity with HTML5 and CSS3
Familiarity with system level issues such as scaling, security, and responsiveness
Solid programming experience in object-oriented design and development
Linux or a POSIX O/S environment
Familiarity with software configuration management, defect tracking tools, and peer review
Strong documentation and writing skills

Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software, Systems, Mathematics, or related technical field.

Desired Qualifications:

Additional Experience In The Following Areas Is a Plus

C++, Java, or other object-oriented programming language
Understanding of SQL and database access for relational Databases; PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MySQL
Working knowledge of noSQL databases (MongoDB, etc.)
Familiarity with Responsive Design Frameworks such as Bootstrap
Familiarity with developing web interfaces for embedded devices a plus
Networking protocols such as TCP/IP, UDP and IPv6
Familiarity with Docker, GraphQL, Kubernetes, Go, Conan, cmake, C++11
Working knowledge of Jira, Confluence, BitBucket, Git, SharePoint, Jenkins and Artifactory
- provided by Dice