About the job
Job Description

Infosys is seeking a Java Developer. This position will add value to a gamut of Software Development lifecycle stages; will create detailed design artifacts like program specifications, test plans; and independently develop and review code and contribute to the go-live plan. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry to create innovative high quality and defect-free solutions to meet our clients’ business needs; will be part of a learning culture, where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged, excellence is rewarded, and diversity is respected and valued

Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education

At least 2 years of experience with Information Technology

U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply, we are unable to sponsor at this time.

Candidate must be located within the United States.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience in Java Functional programming.

Experience in Spring Boot, Apache Camel, PostgreSQL

Experience of Back-End development of enterprise applications using J2EE, Spring Boot , Microservices, React,

Experience working on one of DB technologies, writing PL-SQL queries using either Oracle or Postgres

Knowledge and experience with full SDLC lifecycle

Experience with Lean / Agile development methodologies

Experience in application design using design principles, patterns and best practices

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment

The job entails sitting as well as working at a computer for extended periods of time. Should be able to communicate by telephone, email or face to face. Travel may be required as per the job requirements.

About Us

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 50 countries to navigate their digital transformation.

With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

To learn more about Infosys and see our ideas in action please visit us at www.Infosys.com

EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin