About the job
Job#: 1292956

Job Description:

Backfill: Fullstack Engineer

Why: Performance issue, bad communication, multiple warnings, people did not want to work with him. Give a Short notice and find a replacement quick.
Identify the candidate first
Project is winding down
Contract is ending

What they need:
Fullstack- 80/20
Node.js, React-Redux, and Graph QL
80% frontend 20% backend
Soft skills: wants someone who can fit within their team
Has to hit the ground running
Little to no guidance
Open to extending contract- looking for 5 months

Replacement- now

IV process: 3 hour session
1 st - 100% coding 1 hour with team- React.JS/Node.JS- they are writing code and solve problems while showing analytical/code skills.
One hour with team lead: project review- technical questions
One hour with HM- behavioral/ soft skills- with technical questions

Responding back with names and availability from hiring manger

BR: 115

Relocation: Sunnyvale or Relocation- going into office on Thursdays

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystems.com or 844-463-6178.

4400 Cox Road

Suite 200

Glen Allen, Virginia 23060

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystems.com (Do not submit resumes or solicit consultants to this email address). Join our Talent Network! UnitedHealthcare creates and publishes the Transparency in Coverage Machine-Readable Files on behalf of Apex Systems.