About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, SP Software Solutions, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Position: Java Full stack developer

Location: Greensboro, NC

Duration: 1 year

Responsibilities

Understand requirement and translate that to product features.

Participate in Scrum meetings and express the work done and the plan clearly. Participate in scrum ceremonies and clearly communicate.

Lead an agile team and provide technical guidance. Participate in customer call and drive technical discussions

Work on application design

Develop applications using Front end, middleware, and database related technologies.

Should be hands in developing and implementing best practices and write smart piece of code.

Coding standard should be followed, and the code should be highly performant.

Should be able to write unit test cases using any of the frameworks and should be completely automated.

Should have strong exposure in REST API design and principles and adhere to RAML/Swagger or Open API specification

Should be able to develop reusable components using proper design patterns as listed by lead/architect so that it is extensible.

Should be able to use design patterns and implement the right solution.

Should be able to do code review and implement automation wherever required to ease development process.

The Role offers

An outstanding opportunity to re-imagine, redesign, and apply technology to add value to the business and operations.

An end-to-end project exposure across multiple technical stack and cloud platform

An individual who has passion to learn and adapt to new technologies quickly and scale to next level easily.

High visibility, opportunity to interact with multiple groups within the organization, technology vendors and implementation partners.

Work in high end and latest technologies

Essential Skills

Total IT Experience 7 to 12 years

7+ years of in-depth knowledge in core Java, spring and Hibernate

3+ years of experience in spring boot

2+ years of experience in RESTful Http services design

2+ years in designing applications and applied design patterns

3+ years of Strong experience in Angular 4/6/8 or REACT JS

3+ years of experience in Java script, JQuery, Bootstrap, Html 5, CSS3

3+ years of experience with SQL Server, Postgre SQL writing stored procedures, performance tuning and identifying deadlocks, transactions and data locking/blocking scenarios

Working knowledge of Webpack, Angular CLI and Agile Scrum framework

Good communication and unit testing knowledge.

Good to have knowledge in one of the cloud platform like AWS/Azure/PCF

Work experience in frameworks like JPA, Struts/Spring MVC, Spring Core, Spring AOP, and Spring Data

Familiar with Continuous Integration methodologies and tools, including Jenkins

Good to have: Exposure to Microservices, Docker, Kubernetes and cloud deployment

Essential Qualification

MCA/equivalent master's in computers is a must.

provided by Dice