About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Scadea Solutions Inc, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Role: FullStack Developer

Location: Remote

Duration: 3+ Years Contract

We are looking for a Full Stack Developer to join our team in the modernization of several applications utilized by a federal healthcare customer. This team is using technologies such as React/Angular, Typescript, Python, Docker and AWS.

Responsibilities

Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve several software applications.

Build and own full stack development for software applications.

Develop and maintain API specifications using Swagger Editor.

Develop new features using microservices.

Develop API design approach using AWS cloud and open source technologies.

Develop new features using acceptance test-driven development.

Work in and with small feature delivery teams: cross-functional, cross-component team that completes many end-to-end customer features, one by one.

Participate in product strategy, product design and product development activities.

Use lean and agile work management and engineering practices.

Communicate with team members and client clearly and concisely regarding status/risks, etc.

Qualifications

Bachelor of Science degree and at least 5 years of relevant professional experience. Experience may be obtained with certifications and higher education, such as a master's degree.

Proven full stack application development experience including front end technologies such as HTML/CSS/JS, React, Angular and backend technologies such as Java, .NET, Node.js and database technologies such as Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL.

Excellent communication skills, written and oral

Strong team building and collaboration skills.

2+ years experience with React and Angular frameworks preferred

2+ years experience with PostgreSQL preferred

Strong experience with ECMA-based languages, such as TypeScript and JavaScript.

Strong experience with Git based source code repositories such as Github, Gitlab, Bitbucket.

Strong agile development experience.

Ideal experience with Sass templates.

Ideal experience with Python.

Ideal experience using AWS cloud services.

Ideal experience using Docker containers.

2+ years experience working on an Agile team and following Agile processes and ceremonies

Please Respond To: chaturya AT scadea DOT net

Nine Zero Eight Six Three Six Two Seven Two Seven Ext:Two Two Four Five

provided by Dice