About the job
Unique Opportunity to Reinvent the Political Process

Our organization is building an unprecedented platform (and narrative) that’s going to completely reinvent the political process, and we need a Full-Stack Developer to help build out one of our products. Millennial run and owned.

With such a unique situation, you MUST have the conscious awareness and passions highlighted throughout this post. This factor is more important than your resume, experience, or even your skills.

It’s abundantly clear that we can’t fix the current system from within; it’s too broken and corrupt. Our only truly viable solution is to build a far more technologically evolved (and logical) political infrastructure that will completely wipe out the old way of doing politics and eradicate the influence of money.

You MUST send a personal message explaining your passion & understanding of our Mission to be considered.

Our Mission

We’re building a Digital Democracy Platform that will showcase all politicians equally, making money irrelevant in a campaign. Instead, candidates will be judged by their stance on policies, broken promises, corruption rating, and much more. We’re going to bring transparency and accountability into the political process like never before. Information untouched by money.

Other than following our current system of voting, nothing is stopping us from running elections in a completely different format. We can’t change the rules, but we CAN change the game.

There are many, many complex layers to this, but that’s as much as we can reveal publicly. What will really make this impactful is our higher-conscious Narrative to the world.


Culture and Employment

Progressive Culture and Values
Neurodiversity awareness (guaranteed unprecedented)
Role and salary convos will always be open, 2-way, and fair
Servant leadership and horizontal team structures
Purpose-over-Profits, value over hours worked
Genuinely value (and reward) loyalty, passion, and commitment
Unique operational infrastructure
Designed to enhance coworker relationships
Sustainability and social responsibility
So much more!

I know it’s almost impossible to trust employers these days, but our mission would fail if we aren’t true to our word. We must build a trust stronger than the trust between citizens and our current government, and that starts with our employees.

I assure you, from your first (2-way) interview, you will see (and feel) how completely differently we run EVERY aspect of this.

From Entrepreneurs to Influential Organization in 90 days

To be free from conflicts of interest, we must avoid investors and all other forms of financing as they all have strings attached. Therefore, we are Crowd-Starting the organization:

We will all invest at least 7-10 hours a week of our skills for 3 months to complete Phase 1 and get the organization on its feet prior to receiving our first paychecks. All hours will be tracked and paid after launch.

Once launched, money will flow, the organization will move into high-gear, and everyone will begin their salaried positions with benefits.


Who We Need

Beyond the specific skills we require, the most important is your ability to live & breathe outside the box. The feat we’re about to accomplish is deeply abstract, complex, and unprecedented. We need people with the passion, awareness, and creative energy to reinvent our country’s political process.

This position is for a Digital Focus Group platform. From what we’ve collaborated on so far, it will definitely need some Back-end work. We want to tap as much open-source coding as possible, but many of the features will be unique to our situation.

This project will ALSO involve blockchains down the line, but definitely not during pre-launch.

Qualifications:
Typical Full-Stack Dev skills
MERN Stack
Worked extensively with MongoDB
Amazon Web Service experience
Able to delegate out content creation, admin, and/or dev tasks
Know how to network and source from Dev Community for open-source software
That means you’ve used GitHub and understand the Dev Culture/Mentality
General understanding of DeFi, Blockchains, and DAO’s a plus
Ability to grasp deeply abstract concepts is a must