About the job
Who we're looking for
We are looking for a Full Stack Engineer that is excited to join an early-stage startup, and take on an integral role in the development of our product. You will be responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment. You should be comfortable around both front-end and back-end coding languages, development frameworks, and third-party libraries. You should also be comfortable building native apps for iOS and Android. We're looking for a team player that also has the passion and entrepreneurial mindset needed to help achieve the company's mission.

Who we are
Dappr is the easiest and most delightful way to start and run a business, guiding the founder all the way from selecting a name to selling their products/services, everything through one beautiful and intuitive UI. By making the necessary tools to start and run a business accessible, affordable, and super easy to use, we'll empower a new generation of entrepreneurs.

What you'll be doing
Work with the rest of our team to ideate software solutions
Design client-side and server-side architecture
Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design
Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications
Write effective APIs
Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software
Create security and data protection settings
Build features and applications for iOS and Android
Write technical documentation

What you need to have
Drive and motivation to build an amazing product
Identify with the company's mission
Passion for the work you do
Experience as a Full Stack Engineer or similar role
Experience developing mobile applications
Familiarity with common stacks
Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery)
Knowledge of multiple back-end languages (e.g. C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, Node.js)
Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design
Great attention to detail
Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or relevant field