About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Sincera Technologies, Inc., is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Primary Responsibilities:

Develops high-quality, scalable, and efficient solutions and products on schedule.
Produces code of high quality and reliability - strong quality code metrics.
Actively contributes to the development of solutions and ideas that add value.
Engages with system users and business analysts to identify system enhancements and/or new applications to meet business needs.
Proactively performs extensive system testing to ensure that the systems work efficiently and are developed following the application development methodology.
Creates Unit tests to ensure accuracy. Tracks record of identifying largest risk areas and driving resolution of these issues.
Provides accurate and timely input to Scrum Master regarding the status of technical tasks.
Provides support during meetings as required.
Serves as a contact person in support of more serious production problems/issues.

Skills and Experience Required:

Education

Bachelor of Science in computer science or a related technical field, or equivalent combination of post-secondary education and work experience.

Required Experience & Skills

5-7 years of increasingly responsible systems development experience on multiple platforms
5-7 years experience in the development environment commensurate with the assigned area of responsibility
Java 8 / 11, Spring MVC, Spring Data JPA, & SpringBoot Microservices
Experience with complex, enterprise web development
Experience working in an Agile / Scrum methodology
Ability to accurately identify the root cause of technical problems
Excellent communication skills; verbal and written
Ability to adapt to change
Ability to influence others to ensure that issues that have been raised are resolved
Excellent problem-solving skills – able to think through likely causes of problems before referring to others

Desired Skills

Experience with RESTful Web Services
Experience with Unit Testing (JUnit, Mockito, Groovy)
Experience with Cloud Development, Deployment, and Maintenance (AWS, Google Cloud Platform)
Knowledge / Experience with Relational Database SQL and NoSQL (Couchbase, Mongo)
provided by Dice