About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, BayOne Solutions, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Role: Java Software Engineer

Location : 100% Remote

Duration : Long-term

W2 Only (No C2C)

Position Description

The Java Software Engineer will be responsible for designing, developing, debugging, modifying, and evaluating enterprise Java/Web SaaS solutions for the Healthcare Payer/Provider Market. Our application is deployed in AWS. You will be working as part of a geographically distributed mature agile team with a proven track record developing on a profitable active product line.

Key Responsibilities:
Designs, implements, and maintains code based on functional and technical requirements.
Performs reviews of code and applications, including developing automated tests to assure quality.
Follows established processes for performing work.
Recommends improvements to both processes and products.
Works well in a strongly collaborative but mature agile development environment.
Prefers to generalize and work in a variety of areas instead of specializing in any one technical area (server, client, DB, multiple applications).

Minimum Requirements

2+ years of experience in software engineering
2 -6 years Java development experience
Solid understanding of testing practices, mocking, TDD
Good understanding of good coding principles
Familiarity with dependency injection / inversion of control
Familiarity with general database principles and ORM tools
Previous experience performing code reviews
Solid experience with RESTful principles and/or web services
Experience with Modern continuous integration, build, version control tools
Experience with Design Patterns and good design principles

Additional Knowledge & Skills
Modern Java frameworks like Spring, Hibernate
Oracle or other SQL based databases
Testing tools like JUnit, Mockito.
Web UI frameworks and languages like Angular, JavaScript.
Continuous integration tools like Team City and build tools like Ant or Maven.
Strong candidates more or less experience welcome to apply. Compensation can be adjusted as appropriate

Education

4-year degree in computer science or related field or equivalent experience
provided by Dice