About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Techtriad Team - T3, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

This position is 100% remote

You will work in a fast-paced environment on an online platform that serves 300+ e-commerce sites globally.
You’ll work alongside highly experienced and talented engineer s, product managers, designers & developers to analyze, architect, & build solutions based on business needs.
You’ll work on multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize workload effectively under tight deadlines. You have good written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills, attention to detail, and good presentation skills.
You’ll work with experienced and talented people all over the world. Many of the people you collaborate with will be in a different time zone from you, and you are someone who is excited by the prospect of learning new cultures as well as sharing your own.

Key Responsibilities

Being a senior contributor on a team of skilled full - stack developers working to implement Omnichannel capabilities, with a focus on providing a best-in-class user experience.
Work with dynamic back-end technologies (Perl, PHP) and help us expand the use of React on our sites.
Work closely with the team's leadership to define scalable technical solutions & partner with global engineer s to contribute what you build into our global technology products
Troubleshoot & problem solve when urgent technical solutions are needed
Code review & mentor junior engineer s

What We Offer

Access to best-in-class engineer ing leadership with exciting opportunities to grow.
The code that you create living on one of the many sites for a Fortune 500 company.
Working with a global community of innovative, exciting team members at the helm of the company’s digital transformation. Leave your digital footprint on our custom, proprietary platform.

Who You Are (Skills Required)

You have 2+ years front end web development experience, with expertise in JavaScript (React is a plus) and in CSS with a focus on building complex layouts and meeting pixel-perfect design requirements
You have 3+ years of Back-end development experience, with expertise in Perl, PHP or NodeJS and GraphQL APIs
You have experience mentoring other engineer s & working with the product to define & drive solutions
You have experience with building performant, responsive front-end components
You have a technical background with knowledge in engineer ing principles and design patterns
You are passionate about writing clean, modern, maintainable, & highly-performant code
You have the pro-active ability and a self-starter attitude to troubleshoot and solve problems
You have a positive, collaborative, and solution-oriented approach
You have experience working in an Agile team and using Jira
You have strong communication skills with excellent interpersonal effectiveness, in one-on-one interactions and presenting to a room
You have self-awareness and a desire to continually improve

Nice to Have

Experience using UML diagrams for system design
Experience transitioning from Monolith to Microservice architecture
Experience with multi-step transactions, GraphQL and Micro-front architecture
- provided by Dice