About the job
TELLONYM is a remote tech company, founded in Berlin. We want you to become part of our journey to build a social network that prioritizes open communication and lets everyone participate - and to help us build a world-class remote company on the way.

At Tellonym, you will be joining a young and diverse team with a variety of experience, skills and personal backgrounds. Everybody in our company can bring in ideas that will directly affect the millions of active users on Tellonym.

We believe in strong teams of self-motivated people, fast decision-making and empowering you to take charge through a supportive, learning-friendly atmosphere. We work in a flat hierarchy with the opportunity for everybody to weigh in. Every employee takes over own projects from the first day, which ensures quick learning, ownership and skill development.

Our backend is running on Node.js fully hosted on AWS. We use MySQL as our primary data store that is also self-maintained, but also make use of Apache Cassandra for feeds and ElasticSearch for search / text indexing. For caching we use basic Redis structures. We also run our own chat system that uses WebSockets for real-time communication. A large part of our system is our analytics services run via Clickhouse as well as our "worker" infrastructure to feature several async mechanisms in a scalable way.

Visit our Tellonym profile (at)workAtTellonym to check out the product, ask any questions you have and read about our workplace.

Tasks
Take ownership and implement new features and improvements into our Node.js API
Enhance your knowledge to implement product requirements or performance optimisations
Understand existing code and rework it to fulfil coding standards
Draft architectural decisions together with the Tech Lead
Have a direct impact on team processes and conventions by regular retrospectives

Requirements
Living in Europe
Enthusiastic about Node.js with experience over two years
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Passionate about writing well-structured, efficient and maintainable code
Values an environment of candid feedback
Used to work in an English-speaking environment

Benefits
Flat hierarchies that offer lots of freedom, impact as well as responsibility
Completely flexible working times and location (we are doing half-yearly team retreats with hackathons)
The right environment to learn new things and personally develop yourself
Competitive compensation package and the option to participate in our ESOP system
Modern working tools, hardware (Macbook) also for private usage
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Work with an exceptional team of young and smart people with a diverse background