About the job
With tens of millions of active users and hundreds of thousands of daily downloads, we’re among Europe’s leading app developers. Our sights are set on becoming the world #1. At the very core of this thrillingly ambitious mission is our team of bright, innovative, and collaborative software engineers. The team is committed to building next-generation tools to make us the most efficient and effective workforce in the industry. Now, we’re looking for a talented, dedicated, and passionate software engineer to play a leading role in bringing our tools and infrastructure to the next level.

A few examples of your responsibilities:
Take an active role in identifying the tooling and infrastructure needs of the company, and participate in defining and executing the plan to fulfill them.
Help define the software architecture of new tools or that of new features for existing tools, and then develop them. The work spans broadly from the most infrastructure- or backend-oriented to the development of complex frontends.
Constantly improve the quality of our tools and infrastructure by fixing bugs and refactoring the code base where necessary.
Expand our set of libraries as needed to make yourself and other engineers more efficient and effective.
Stay informed on new, relevant technologies and test the promising ones to make sure we don’t miss out on game-changing opportunities to boost our productivity and the enjoyment of our work.

What we look for
Passion. You love what you do, and your enthusiasm never wavers with the specifics of a given task or team. Whether you’re on a plane, train, or sofa, odds are that you’ll be found with your nose in a book or article on the subject.
Reasoning and depth of learning. You’re structured and creative enough to solve most challenging problems independently, given the necessary knowledge. You learn new concepts and skills rapidly, and love to nerd out and go in-depth.
Drive. You’re energetic and hard-working, and you persevere through adversity until the job is done—and done impeccably. You’re massively into getting results, and always aim for excellence in what you do.
Pragmatism. Far from being too academic or obsessive in your perfectionism, you understand that speed is often as important as quality when getting things done in a competitive world.
Curiosity and initiative. You love exploring, and are forever hunting down new opportunities and testing fresh ideas. Rather than waiting to be told what to do, you go seek.
Attention to detail. You take all the care in the world to develop quality user experiences for your colleagues, go the extra mile to learn what they need, and pore over the details that make the difference.
Humility. You’re down to earth, eager to listen to feedback and constructive criticism, and ready to support your team with whatever it needs to succeed.
Proficiency in English. You read, write, and speak proficiently in English.

What we offer
Real impact. We automate most menial tasks, freeing you up to focus your expertise where it can make the biggest impact.
Talented, knowledgeable colleagues. Learn from (and teach) some of the brightest and most skilled people you’ll ever meet. Your talent is going to blossom here.
The finest tools. You get the best hardware on the market and all the software you could need. We can't wait to introduce you to our high-tech approach and our cutting-edge workflows.
Continuous education. Spooners get unlimited backing for learning investments, including Italian or English lessons and things like courses, conferences, and books. There’s no permission or approval process—you’re fully trusted to use the company’s resources efficiently.
Remote working. Spend as much or as little time in our Milan office as you choose. Many Spooners like to change up their environment and get out of the city whenever the mood strikes. You’ve always got the freedom to decide where today’s office is.
Flexible schedule. Our regular hours are 9-6 GMT+1, but this isn’t a “clock in, clock out” company. You’re fully trusted to create the right conditions for your own personal peak productivity. We only ask that you’re available to your teammates a good chunk of the day (six hours or so). That’s why it’s generally best to be based somewhere with a similar time zone—between GMT-2 and GMT+3.
Unlimited time off. Take all the time you need to be with your family or just recharge your batteries. There’s no maximum number of days off, and there isn't any kind of permission process. We just ask that you make your vacation decisions mindfully.
Competitive salary and stock options. Our compensation package is highly competitive, and can grow rapidly and include stock options, depending on your performance and seniority.
Relocation package. To ease your move to Milan (should you decide to relocate), the first three months of rent are on us. Visa support is provided for those who need it.

Commitment & contract
Full-time. Permanent, fixed-term, or internship.

Location
Milan, Italy or fully remote.

The selection process
If you successfully pass through our screening process, we’ll invite you to take on a few tests that assess how you approach and solve unfamiliar problems. These tests don’t require any prior knowledge, and they should take a few hours to complete. If you’re successful there, we’ll invite you to take part in some interviews—normally two or three —to get to know each other and figure out if it’s a good fit for both parties. The interviews are held remotely, and include some behavioral and problem-solving questions. To limit human bias, all of our hiring decisions are made by a hiring committee rather than any individual.

Spooners come from all over the world and English is our working language. We welcome applications in English or Italian—whichever suits you best!

All interviews and assessments take place in English and are held online.

Bending Spoons is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We consider for employment all applicants, regardless of their race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, family status, political affiliation, disability, and any other legally protected characteristic. We’re committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations, please let us know at accommodations-ext@bendingspoons.com.

We know many women do not apply for a job if they don't perfectly fit the description. We want you to apply anyway.