About the job
wealthAPI is a tech-driven Finance startup (FinTech) aiming to change the way we plan and manage our wealth. Our customers integrate our APIs and services into a wide range of financial applications; always with one aim: improve the way we manage and plan our wealth. wealthAPI is primarily owned by its founders and operates under a long-term growth strategy.

At wealthAPI, we live an open discussion culture, decide together and develop as a team. Your are encouraged to take your own decisions and actively shape our products.

Performance in the job is important to all of us - at the same time both founders have family. This means we care about compatibility of family and career.

We combine technical excellency with a deep understanding of financial markets. Sharing knowledge is part of the "wealthAPI DNA".

We love our work - and are passionate about our products.

Tasks
Work in a small team and as such take product assignments and lead them to completion. You will be responsible for all the phases of planning, development and delivery.
Actively participate in architectural design and decision-making.
Conduct code peer-reviews and attend retrospectives to plan and execute improvements as a team
Use modern technologies: Ruby on Rails, Postgres, gcloud, Kubernetes, Docker
Get involved in technological projects together with experienced Engineers and further improve our architecture, scalability and security to fulfil the need of our ever growing solution
Demonstrate great communication, ownership, accountability and team play skills. You are not “just” a developer - you will always think about our product and how to improve the experience for our customers.

Requirements

Must have:
5+ years of development experience
Strong development experience in Ruby on Rails (at least 2 years)
Test Driven Development
Extensive unit and integration testing skills

Beneficial:
Experience with Java is a plus
Mathematical and statistical background
Interested in investing and personal wealth management
Knowledge of financial products and the stock market

Soft skills:
Willingness to learn about new technologies
Use data or reliable source of information to drive the decision making during discussion, design or implementation phases
Have the ability to take on complex problems, learn quickly, and persist towards a good solution
Be conscious about speed of delivery vs quality of code and find the best balance

Language skills:
English is mandatory
German is a plus

Benefits

We are a compact team that focuses on personal and professional growth. We discuss openly, decide in the team and implement together.

We combine technical excellence with a deep understanding of financial markets. Learning from each other is part of the “wealthAPI DNA”.

We are passionate about what we are doing - and achieve because we love what we are doing.

We solve real life investment problems together with a vibrant user base and see the immediate value of that.

You learn to invest, about financial products and how to manage your money.

We believe in automation. We automate anything and everything that can improve our productivity and focus.

We write our own tests and we test our own solutions which helps us learn more and understand our customers better.

wealthAPI is an equal career opportunity no matter your gender, identity, race or religion.

We value transparency, close collaboration, and a slight amount of chaos in our work because it makes us faster and more creative.