About the job
This is a remote opportunity and we would be interested in applicants from European timezones only at this time.

The Cloud Team At Grafana Labs

Grafana Cloud is a composable observability platform, integrating metrics and logs with Grafana. Many organizations do not want to spend the resources to host their own Grafana, or are seeking extra reliability or scalability for their monitoring by choosing to host monitoring separately from their infrastructure. We make data intake into Grafana easier by providing data source integrations with prebuilt dashboards and alerts for common use cases. We want customers to easily and reliably monitor all of their servers and applications with Grafana Cloud.

We're looking for a Mobile Engineer to join the Grafana OnCall squad. The team is working on recently open source, and the cloud service on top of it. Check the project here.

We are looking for Mobile Engineers that are passionate about communicating with data and providing seamless experiences for our customers to join our growing team!

What You'll Work On

Collaborate with Product, UX, and graphic designers to turn their designs into great user experiences.
Build initial version of Grafana On Call mobile application, make core design decisions.

We Look For Teammates That Possess The Following Skills

You are comfortable working in a remote-first company; communication is key.
For us, working together means being collaborative, friendly, kind, and respectful. We operate by consensus. You can contribute to a discussion, disagree constructively, and commit to the team’s decision. You are able to communicate design decisions clearly in written and spoken English.
You have at least a couple of years of experience as a Mobile developer. We are a small team of six, working remotely, on a product that will be used by engineers all over the world – the ability to work on your own is crucial.
You have a good understanding of a software development process that takes a user-centered approach. You easily build an understanding of the users’ context and goals which will help you build the right solution with the maximum value.
You know how to transform ideas into working code – you are able to design a solution, get feedback, and write a prototype by yourself.
You enjoy working on complex solutions – Grafana is a highly technological solution and has avid followers who rely on it every day and who care deeply about their workflows. You value code maintainability, readability & automation.
You are able to troubleshoot modern web application issues and work with profilers, debuggers, bundlers, and testing libraries.
Familiarity with Linux and any of Prometheus, Graphite, InfluxDB or Elasticsearch is also an advantage.

Technologies You'll Work With

Rest API
Mobile stack to be chosen (Flutter, React Native, or something else?)

About Grafana Labs: There are more than 950,000 active installations of Grafana around the globe, monitoring everything from beehives to climate change in the Alps. The instantly recognizable dashboards have been spotted everywhere from a NASA launch and Minecraft HQ to Wimbledon and the Tour de France. Grafana Labs also helps companies including Bloomberg, JPMorgan Chase, and eBay manage their observability strategies with full-stack offerings that can be run fully managed with Grafana Cloud, or self-managed with Grafana Enterprise Stack. The Grafana stack has grown to include four other open source projects, Grafana Loki (for logs), Grafana Tempo (for traces), Grafana Mimir (for metrics), and Grafana OnCall (for on-call management).

Benefits: For more information about the perks and benefits of working at Grafana, please check out our careers page.

A note about covid-19: All Grafanistas who wish to attend in-person events or travel for Grafana Labs must be fully-vaccinated.

Equal Opportunity Employer: At Grafana Labs we’re building a company where a diverse mix of talented people want to come, stay, and do their best work. We know that our company runs on the hard work and the dedication of our passionate and creative employees. If you're excited about this role but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways.

We will recruit, train, compensate and promote regardless of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, disability, age, veteran status, and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different and unique. We believe that equality and diversity builds a strong organisation and we’re working hard to make sure that’s the foundation of our organisation as we grow.

For information about how your personal data is used once you’ve applied to a job, check out our privacy policy.