About the job
Hi. We are Gorillas. We do on-demand grocery delivery in minutes. Since our initial launch in May 2020 we have built warehouses across Europe and New York and are spreading true change in the communities we serve. True to our need for speed, in March 2021 we became Europe's fastest-ever unicorn company. And with $1.3B total funding raised to date, we're just getting started.

About The Opportunity

We are looking for a Senior Backend Engineer who will work with us on creating the digital backbone that enables our entire organization at Gorillas Operations K.G. The work can range from customer-focused feature development including analytics to internal tooling and microservices, that will help either our team or our customers to have a seamless experience.

Your Responsibilities
Collaborate with your cross-functional team to determine requirements
Architect, develop, test and deploy microservices that would serve to thousands of customers each day
Be an enabler! You're in charge of making the work for other team-members easier and enabling them to reach their goals
Mentor junior and mid level developers
Share knowledge and learnings proactively and take responsibility to see projects through
To be successful, you will need some of the following
Equivalent work experience or a Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering
Significant experience in developing software using JVM language (we use Kotlin!) and Spring Boot or Node.js/Typescript in large-scale production systems
Strong ability to balance business needs, a sense of urgency, and the shipping of high quality and pragmatic solutions
Be a thoughtful technical voice and support your team in making diligent architectural decisions
Experience with both relational and non-relational database
Knowledge of version control system
Experience with GCP, AWS or other cloud providers
Knowledge of container technology (Docker, Kubernetes)
Experience with data streaming, Kafka, RabbitMQ
Professional proficiency in written and spoken English
What's in it for you
Opportunity to work with the best technologies in the Market.
Work in a creative, international environment with high energy and unrivaled team spirit
A 25% discount on all your Gorillas deliveries 🦍 ❤️
Free snacks and drinks in the office, and the opportunity to sample new products before anyone else
Your choice of a Mac or Windows laptop, plus a tech accessory budget to maximize your work environment
Gorillas is an equal opportunity employer, which means we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.