About the job
Hey, we are team Appic. As you might have guessed already, we are the team that’s fully responsible for our mobile app. And we are looking for a PHP API Developer (f/m/d) to support us. You will improve our GraphQL API, retrieve data from our MySQL database and make sure that app users get their data fast.

Want to learn more about us: https://thomann.io/blog/are-you-appic-enough-to-join-us
Desired Skills and Experience
Who We Are And How We Work

Our team consists of 4 full-stack developers (Fred, Aryo, Kay and Olli) a product owner, a UI/UX designer and an agile coach.
We are working agile and using scrum as our process.
Our focus is developing the thomann app, which is written in react-native. Data is mostly stored in a MySQL database and fetched using our GraphQL Api written in PHP.
We work remotely most of the time, which doesn’t stop us from doing pair-programming sessions very often.

Here's what you'll do

Improve our GraphQL API with new features.
Test your code with unit, integration and manual testing.
Log and analyze errors or other important events (using splunk and sentry).
Help juniors and working students to grow with pair-programming, knowledge-sharing and showing them the wonderful world of software engineering.
Plan new features/enhancements together with your team and maintain existing ones.
Share your knowledge with others e.g. through Each1Teach1 sessions, open-space workshop, blog posts …

Skills you should have

Worked with PHP 7/8 for at least 2 years
Experience in designing APIs, especially GraphQL
Experience with MySQL
Ability to analyze and understand logging, errors and stack-traces to resolve problems with Splunk, Sentry or anything similar
Be a team player and want to take part in plannings as well as pair-programming sessions
Nice to have: Experience with react-native or react.js
Nice to have: Experience with Docker / DevOps

What we offer

Flexible working hours (full-remote possible) and working location
13th salary
Thomann discount for employees
Personal work equipment as desired, including software and IDE
Professional coaching and English or German courses