About the job
In the last few years, traveling overall has, unfortunately, become too stressful, too complex, too inconvenient, and too time-consuming. And although everyone in the industry is working very hard to improve the passenger experience, there is so much more that can be done.

Traveling and retailing should be seamless, simple, transparent, fast, and convenient. And digital. This is where Duffle comes in.

We are hiring an exceptional, entrepreneurial, and energetic full-time Sr. Engineer, Backend platform, to lead our backend development. This person will work closely with the VP of Engineering to build the next-generation global travel retail platform. As Backend Engineer, you will be responsible for implementing the end-to-end platform that will power our operations. You will join a team of engineers who built the v1 of our platform and lead this team to develop the next level as we expand our operations.

Location: HQ in Berlin - we currently have a hybrid work environment balanced between home and office. Remote possible within Europe.

Tasks
You and your team will develop the Duffle platform leveraging the commerce platform of Spryker.
Develop and influence the platform roadmap together with the VP of Engineering and execute those priorities.
Architect platform with scalability in mind (an increase of # of airports, retailers, user growth, order volume, etc.).
Hire, onboard, and mentor the growing engineering team.
Stand up Platform Operations, monitor the platform's health, measure the system performance KPIs and proactively create plans to improve them.
You will implement individual requirements by evaluating and using new technologies to build solutions in interdisciplinary and international teams.
Take on responsibility by truly owning what you’re building, from ideation over the design to implementation and maintenance.

Requirements
Well-founded experience in e-commerce or q-commerce, or other types of online marketplace projects.
Ideally, you have developed backend systems that power mobile experiences for consumers and businesses.
You have extensive development experience with PHP, MySQL, and AWS in multiple architecture settings; Spryker development experience would be a significant advantage.
Working knowledge of front-end technologies, including CSS3, JavaScript, and HTML5.
Strong understanding and experience developing microservices and REST APIs.
Experience developing highly scalable backend solutions.
Knowledge of professional software engineering and development practices.
Ability to clearly and constructively discuss ideas and generate understanding for your proposed solutions.
Excellent written and verbal skills in English.

Benefits
We are offering a unique opportunity for you to actively shape the platform and its future direction as an early and senior member of the engineering team.
We offer a competitive salary (based on your background and experience).
We offer the ability to build an international team, culture, and technology platform from the ground up - no legacy technology to deal with.

Sounds interesting?

We are looking forward to connecting with you!