About the job
As a Senior React Native Engineer at LUKSO, you’ll be building our React Native app, which allows users to create a profile(s), edit it and interact with the blockchain. Unlike other traditional crypto wallets, this app won’t be directed towards ‘sending tokens/money’ but managing/creating Universal Profiles (a social identity) and using account abstraction for upgradable security. This position will allow you to shape LUKSOs future and have the autonomy of running a project from ideation, to production and execution.

LUKSO is focused on bringing blockchain technology to its next frontier with new tools and standards that will revolutionize the way the world interacts with blockchain. Creators and users will be able to have a seamless Web3 experience with LUKSO's future-proof solutions and we welcome talent around the world to join us in building the most innovative tools for the New Creative Economy.

LUKSO was Co-Founded by Chief Blockchain Architect, Fabian Vogelsteller, author of ERC-20, ERC-725, Web3.js, Mist Browser and former Lead Dapp developer of Ethereum and Marjorie Hernandez, an early blockchain strategist working with Ethereum, IOTA Foundation and world-renowned brands, who also Co-Founded THE DEMATERIALISED.

LUKSO is now being developed by 40+ people around the globe and we are looking for motivated and passionate people who are up to the task of joining us in building out the foundation for the New Creative Economy and the apps that power it.
--
In one year you’ll know you were successful if you’ve…
Built the React Native app from scratch, working closely with our Universal Profile team, whilst being influenced by our current vision and browser extension, but adding your own taste/style.
Successfully collaborated with our Chief Blockchain Architect, Engineers, and Product Designers, from ideation, to production and execution.
Contributed to growing the React Native team by conducting interviews, etc.
Implemented new features on the project and maintained the app.
Built to be cross platform.
Build the-, and implemented features to the React Native mobile app, with LUKSOs short and long-term vision in mind.
Closely worked with experienced team members for code reviews and guidance.

A background like this helps:
Prior experience building a React Native (hybrid) mobile app from scratch using React Native, benchmarking our current version, browser extension features and working with team members from Universal Profiles.
Strong expertise in React Native with 3-5+ years of professional experience building high-quality mobile apps.
Previously contributed to iOS & Android React Native Mobile Apps.
Interviewed in the past, to help if/when we need to hire for the React Native team.
Implement features with the aim to provide long-term stability of a highly scalable application.
Actively contributing new ideas and innovative UX/UI patterns.
Played an active role previously in evolving our mobile engineering practices.
An innate passion for good design and attention to detail. You’ll collaborate with designers but undoubtedly have the opportunity to express your own design sense if desired.
Experience working with Web3/cryptocurrency/blockchain-based apps. If not, a strong willingness to learn the web3 ecosystem/blockchain, etc!
Attracted to open-source, with hunger to contribute to open-source projects.

What We Offer:
Innovation-driven working environment, where you’ll be part of a project that aims to set new standards in the industry and change the world we live in: doc.lukso.tech
Team lunches and social activities
Regular in-office health & sporting activities
Collaborative squads and a flat structure, with a renowned team of industry experts
Work fully remote CEST +/-6h or from our picturesque LUKSO office located next to the Spree river in Berlin, Germany
--
LUKSO is the new blockchain for the Creative Economy. As a next-generation layer-1 EVM blockchain, LUKSO has introduced new tools and standards that will bring blockchain technology to its next frontier. The building blocks for the New Creative Economy will revolutionize the way users and creators interact with the blockchain. From Fashion, Art, Music, Entertainment, Gaming, Social Media and more, we welcome you to explore our open and interoperable blueprint for the physical and digital worlds.

LUKSO has introduced new standards called LUKSO Standard Proposals (LSPs), which are the building blocks for the New Creative Economy. These building blocks can be used to create user-friendly dApps and lower the barriers of entry in Web3 for all creators and users.

Universal Profiles bring social identity to blockchain and improve the overall user experience in Web3. With upgradable security, these platform-agnostic smart-contract-based accounts empower users and creators and allow for true ownership, interoperability, transaction relay services and more.

LUKSO’s new standards allow for flexible NFTs that are extensible and directly compatible with Universal Profiles. NFTs 2.0 are updatable, safer and have unlimited metadata, batch transfers and even better IDs.

LUKSO is bringing blockchain beyond DeFi with Cultural Currencies. The future of blockchain is social, and LUKSO’s essential, future-proof solutions are reshaping the way the world interacts with the blockchain.

You belong here.

At LUKSO, we welcome applicants from around the world of all abilities, race, ethnicity, gender/gender expression and age to explore our solutions and join us in building out the foundation for the New Creative Economy. We look forward to meeting you!