About the job
Flooz is a culture-first web3 wallet & infrastructure company. We offer the tools needed to onboard the next 100m people onto the blockchain. Our vision is to provide equal financial opportunities to everyone.

We are looking for an experienced and driven Senior Backend Engineer to join us full-time and support our high-performing squad in building the Flooz ecosystem.

Flooz is a fully remote company with employees located in 10+ countries (CET +/- 3hrs). We believe in international, cross-functional team setups and promote regular face-to-face meetings, e.g. in company events or in-person product sprints.

Tasks
You develop and support our backend including business logic, database integration, APIs, and new functionality enhancements
You ensure clean and highly performant code, proper project structure and API design, and good documentation
You apply tests to your code and features, to ensure high test coverage for automation and CI/CD processes (ideally following TDD)
You participate in code reviews and/or pair-programming activities
You work closely together with our CTO and tech team to constantly improve our architecture design, engineering standards, framework usage, toolkits, and delivery processes
You will be one of the subject-matter experts for engineering in your squad and assist the team with architectural decisions
You ensure that the development process is smooth and support the squad in constantly improving
You shape and nurture a collaborative, inclusive, and alive remote engineering culture in line with our guiding principles

Our backend tech stack:
Typescript
NestJS
Cloud Run
Docker
BigQuery
Firebase & CF

Requirements
You have relevant experience as a software engineer and are familiar with our tech stack
You are experienced in software architectural design, data modeling with Document-based databases, and have a good understanding of software development processes and agile methodologies
You have passion and experience in building, launching, and scaling great products
You have the ability to understand and translate business and user requirements across teams and our leadership team
You have extensive knowledge of software engineering: software engineering practices, modern design, and architecture concepts
You know how to apply efficiency and automation to improve development processes
You have the ability to prioritize engineering initiatives and drive the delivery of the squad
You have exceptional communication skills in English

Sounds good? Please share your CV with us and any interesting project you worked on or are passionate about. We look forward to hearing from you!

We value diversity of perspective and seek to build an inclusive workplace that welcomes people from all different backgrounds.

We love hearing from you!

Stay safe, the entire Flooz Team