About the job
We are changing the game… SwissBorg is here to put Crypto assets back into the hands of ordinary people by allowing them to manage and create their own wealth.

We are also Europe’s fastest growing Crypto app and since launching in 2020 in Lausanne, Switzerland our flagship SwissBorg app has taken the market by storm! We currently offer 47 different cryptocurrencies and our user base has grown year on year, with 600,000+ community members.

Our aim is to be the gateway to DeFi. The revolution of crypto is bringing transparency and access to financial services that were, up until now, only accessible to the most wealthy. At the same time, DeFi is, in its current state, awfully complicated to use. Our mission is to build a product that is user-friendly and community centric most of all. With Swissborg, our mission is to provide everyone access to the tools that will enable them to safely increase their wealth using the power of DeFI.

What you might be doing:
Contribute to the development and evolution of our Android apps
Work closely with the Product, Apple/iOS and Backend teams
Write clear and maintainable code with Unit/UI tests
Evaluate the right technologies and keep yourself up to date to the Android technology landscape
Constantly improve the quality of our products by fixing bugs and refactoring the code base where necessary
Implement best practices to ensure app reliability and security

What you might bring:
3 + years of experience developing Android native apps
Knowledge of Kotlin
Knowledge of Jetpack Compose and Kotlin Coroutines is a plus
Knowledge of dependency injection frameworks (Dagger, Koin)
Knowledge of MVI is a plus
Solid understanding of the full mobile development lifecycle
Strong UX/UI design skills and the care to develop world-class user interfaces
Enthusiastic, fast learner and a problem solver
The ability to propose, listen and accept people's feedback
Flexible, proactive, organized, detail-oriented and entrepreneurial
Excellent English communication skills
Experience in the finance industry a plus
Experience with encryption, cryptography standards and securing Android app is a plus

What you can expect from us:
We offer a remote working environment
25 days annual leave plus local bank holidays
Annual bonus paid in CHSB
A welcome CHSB bonus
Flexible working hours
Individual learning and development budget
Annual team retreats
A MacBook Pro
An equipment voucher to ensure that your home office is up to your standards
Menstrual leave

At SwissBorg, we embrace diversity. We strongly believe that getting the best outcome requires different perspectives and backgrounds. We’re committed to openness, curiosity and creating an inclusive culture because we know that diverse teams build better products and generate better ideas. We strongly encourage applications from everyone!To ensure a safe & welcoming space, please feel free to let us know of anything you require to feel comfortable bringing your whole self to the recruitment process.

Keep an eye on our Careers Page and follow us on LinkedIn & Twitter for regular company updates!