About the job
(a) small letter that stands for great variety. We’re interested in your passion to help us thrive and not what gender, origin or age you have.

THE CHALLENGE
We are looking for a passionate Backend Developer on a remote basis to join us in our Zurich workspace to build an entirely new & disruptive product with us! Are you eager to help us build a new cloud-based solution that revolutionizes the Field Service with AI? Would you like to help set the direction as a self-starter in a team of like-minded colleagues with a can-do attitude? Coupled with a proven track record as well as a drive to develop innovative solutions, it looks like a match!

CURIOUS ABOUT THE DAY-TO-DAY?
Take part in the architecture design and technical stack definition for a cloud native / serverless AI product.
Develop lambdas / microservices using python and various AWS services
Taking full responsibility for the components you own (You Build It - You Run It). That includes writing and testing the code, building CI/CD pipelines and alerting/monitoring for your components
Implement and maintain data engineering pipelines for data injection and near real-time AI model inference
Participate in code reviews and strive for the high code quality, build quality gates to ensure the high code standards

CURIOUS IF YOU'RE A FIT?
A degree in Computer Science (or related field) or equivalent experience
Passion for clean code and an eye for simplicity and pragmatism
5+ years of experience in backend development with Python
Experience with cloud services, ideally AWS and building up microservices
You are experienced with DevOps practices, continuous deployment and test automation
Good English skills (German is a plus)

WHAT WE OFFER
Be a member from the very start and help building up a fully empowered team in a new workspace in Zurich
You can use Mac, Linux or Windows as development environment
We make use of state-of-the-art technologies and frameworks
Top working environment: enabled teams, strict “no jerk” policy

JOIN US, BECAUSE
We are an enthusiastic, cool company and we like to have fun – at work & after work
We work hand in hand with our clients and take pride in building products that matter and experiences that delight
Stretching yourself to achieve challenging goals is how you grow
In our open culture, we welcome diversity, different opinions and enjoy discussing solutions
The flexible and dynamic working environment gives us a lot of freedom and enables us to perform at a high level
Fully remote work model, work from anywhere and unpaid leave are extra cool benefits

We are looking forward to your application!