About the job
Software Engineering

What drives us?

At Zühlke, you are where innovation happens. We focus on teamwork, agile collaboration, and leading technologies to shape the future and challenge the status quo. We like to break down barriers and explore new territory. This is how we innovate.

Our creativity, our skills and our energy enable us to turn intelligent ideas into valuable solutions – solutions that help our clients bring innovative, effective, and sustainable products, solutions, and processes to the marketplace. At Zühlke, we are driven by «empowering ideas».

How you'll spend your time

As a Java Backend Engineer at Zühlke, you work in interdisciplinary teams and use your know how in complex software solutions, current Java backend technologies and agile software development methods to develop high-quality software systems that deliver long-term value, integrated in their application landscape.

Communication is your strength – to be able to build great software services, you will develop a deep understanding of client domains, their processes and organisations, and the requirements in the project. To achieve this, together with your teammates you closely collaborate with your clients as business partners at eye level.

You want to make an impact - whether it’s modernising the core systems of a financial service provider, codifying decades of medical knowhow into a customisable risk assessment system for health insurances or building a cloud-based fleet management platform for power tools, you develop scalable and reliable systems that bring your clients business processes to the next level.

You have a growth mindset - building on a comprehensive education offering, you continuously keep up to date with state-of-the-art technologies and development practices and apply them in projects to build your expertise.

Empowered by a network of highly skilled peers and experts, we support you in your individual career planning. Whether it's becoming an expert in your field or growing your leadership or consulting skills and progressively take more responsibility in your projects.

What is important to us
After your studies or training, you still have a stable interest in new trends and technologies in Java backend development and have already gained a few years of professional experience.
Through the efficient use of modern technologies, tools, and methods, you contribute to the success of your clients - your focus is on the modern Java stack, but you are also familiar with other software development ecosystems.
You have in-depth experience in your programming language, tools and know how to apply software design principles and integration patterns on-premises and in the cloud.
You are a good communicator and value an open and trustful exchange with your team and your clients.
You communicate confidently in English and have a good command of German or are willing to learn it on a colloquial level.

What Working At Zühlke Is All About

At Zühlke, we encourage a growth mindset and support the success of our employees with continuous training and coaching to further your career, your skills, and your personality. We regularly exchange ideas, give each other feedback, and learn from one another.

From this, you'll gather that we communicate openly with each other, assess ourselves honestly and love working in diverse, cross-functional teams to achieve impressive results together.

Added to this is an attractive benefits package and a shared passion to give our best every day.
Flexible working models
Profit sharing
Family-friendly workplace
Health & Wellbeing initiatives
Self-management & the opportunity to take over responsibility and grow through new challenges
Unique social & team building events

We are all learning all the time

Do you feel that you do not yet meet all the requirements? We would like to know more about you, your ambitions and ideas and look forward to receiving your application!

Sounds like a great way to work?