About the job
Company Description

We are an equal opportunities employer and place where everyone is welcome. We strongly encourage people from minority backgrounds, LGBTQIA+, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - she/her/hers, he/him/his, they/them/theirs, etc).

We’re one of the world’s largest privately owned real estate tech companies and a subsidiary of Axel Springer. Our mission is to unlock everyone’s perfect place! Some of Europe’s best known digital real estate marketplaces and brands form part of our Group, they are: 🇫🇷 Meilleurs Agents, 🇫🇷 Groupe SeLoger, 🇧🇪 Immoweb, 🇩🇪 Immowelt, 🇪🇸 Housell and 🇮🇱 Yad2.

We also invest in innovative business models which shape the future of how people buy, sell, rent or lend properties and hold minority participations in companies such as: 🇬🇧 PurpleBricks, 🇩🇪 Homeday, 🇺🇸 Zumper and 🇺🇸 Parcel.

Our ambition is to be the leading Employer in PropTech across Europe and this is a pivotal time to join us as we embark on this journey enabling us to help unlock everyone’s perfect place!

The vacancy is open in Berlin, Hamburg or Nürnberg.

Job Description

WHAT WE DO IN THE MOBILE TEAM

Our current apps help millions of users across Europe (mainly Belgium, France and Germany today). In order to unlock everyone's perfect place, we are taking all the knowledge and experience we have gained over the years to renew our apps and create new products that will be scalable across all European countries.

To achieve this, our international teams share their experiences, cultures and beliefs to build the next generation of real estate Apps in Europe.

As true experts in native technologies, we are recruiting the best engineers in Europe to take up the challenge.

As a great team, we are recruiting team players that are not afraid to learn, share and collaborate in transparency in a trustful environment.

Come and take part in this human adventure that will help you progress in your professional career.

Qualifications

WE ARE LOOKING FOR AN INDIVIDUAL WHO CAN:
Be a team player
Collaborate and communicate with transparency in mind
Design and develop iOS apps for the Group's various brands
Continuously improve the quality and performance of our apps
Ensure the follow-up and maintenance of our apps
Follow a safe delivery process through CI/CD in close collaboration with product managers
Be a driving force in implementing new innovative features (virtual tour/3D, voice recognition, geofencing, etc.)
Monitor and create prototypes around new technological opportunities (Apple Watch, Apple TV, MacOS, ...)

AN INDIVIDUAL WHO HAS:
At least 1-2 years (2+ years is a plus) experience as an iOS developer and good knowledge of Swift
Solid grounding in the particularities and constraints of application development
Great autonomy combined with desire to learn and share his/her knowledge to make him/her the ideal candidate for this position
Organization and know-how to stay light to integrate a friendly and fun team.
Good knowledge of the use of REST services, of the implementation of the clean architecture
Capacity to work on big projects used by hundred of thousands of users per day

SKILLS REQUIRED:
Xcode / Swift
Git / Source Code Management (GitHub, GitLab, …)
A good understanding of software architecture
Reactive programming (RxSwift and/or Combine)
UI frameworks (UIKit and mainly SwiftUI)
Dependency management
Basic knowledge with testing (Unit, UI)
Basic knowledge with CI/CD
Communication with RESTful web-services
Excellent communication skills
Knowledge of English is mandatory, French, Dutch or German are assets

SKILLS THAT ARE A PLUS:
Knowledge of Atlassian suite (Jira, Confluence)
Experience with Scrum methodology
Experience with Swift Package Manager and/or CocoaPods
Knowledge of Clean Architectures
Current projects: Clean Swift, MVVM+C, VIPER
Future projects: The Composable Architecture (TCA)
Experience with A/B Testing
Experience with Tracking
Experience with Bitrise (CI/CD)
Experience with Firebase
Knowledge of accessibility
Knowledge of white-label apps
Experience with design systems

Additional Information

WHAT WE OFFER YOU:
A professional but friendly and stimulating working environment
Opportunities for personal development in line with business growth (trainings, conferences, ...)
Working on apps in a quality-first mindset
We are one of the leading PropTech platforms in Europe. If you’ve ever rented or purchased a property then you may have used one of our classified portals. This is a great time to join us to help elevate our AVIV brand.
The opportunity to work hybrid within our operating footprint with international travel to our locations in France, Belgium and Germany.
The autonomy to work in a style which suits you to be the most productive
The freedom to tell us which tools you need to be successful in your job so we can set you up to make it happen.