About the job
Job Description

Logistics is one of the more complex parts of Wolt’s business and is a crucial building block of Wolt’s technology platform - our logistics platform is responsible for courier task allocation and generating delivery estimates that our customers, couriers, and merchants see. So, naturally, having a more efficient logistics platform would benefit everyone in our ecosystem: our courier partners, our merchants, and our customers! But we need an entire team to be able to do so and right now we’re looking for one more backend engineer with some mad Python skills to strengthen our ranks in the Logistics Optimization team! 🐍
The Logistics Optimization team is a group of people consisting of a backend engineer, data scientists, a C++ algorithm developer, and an operations researcher. The team works on developing and deploying machine learning models for estimating different parts of the delivery process as well as designing and running experiments to evaluate their performance. The company's in-house route optimizer is also owned by the team (so cool, right?)! Together, we are responsible for generating the delivery time estimates shown to consumers and for making the task assignments for couriers.
But just because there’s one backend engineer on the team already, this doesn’t mean that the role will be all about working on those CRUD endpoints! This backend role is quite an uncommon one and there’s some super interesting stuff to dabble in here: it involves a lot of science and difficult technical problems to solve, and you’ll end up working with our team’s Data Scientists and Operations Researchers to figure out how to improve our complex system, which is a unique challenge at our scale. 🤓 Needless to say, you would be a key player in building a new service from scratch for running Wolt-wide logistics experiments, helping data scientists integrate their new ML-based estimates into our central Python backend, as well as writing code for customer-facing A/B tests, and learning new stuff from the team’s backend engineer along the way.
So, if you are someone with a strong Python backend experience interested in working closely with data scientists on our logistics system and are ready to solve some exciting scientific problems, then be sure to drop us a line!
This role can be based in one of our tech hubs in Helsinki or Berlin, or you can work remotely anywhere in Finland, Sweden, Germany, Denmark, and Estonia. Read more about our remote set-up here.

Our humble expectations

Fluent programming skills in modern Python (version 3.9 and newer)
Experience in setting up backend microservices
Docker and Kubernetes for containerization and orchestration
Experience building complex systems (e.g. feedback loops) and production-grade software
Familiarity with database technologies, such as PostgreSQL
Analytical and curious thinking, self starter with drive to get things done
Comfortable working with real world data and it's different nuisances
Eagerness to learn and going beyond the comfort zone
Since the backend has mostly been written in Python (ofc) and Scala, previous experience and willingness to tinker in the backend with Scala and working with Kafka and or Terraform is seen as pro.
In addition to technical skills, we are looking for dedicated people who aim to write modern, testable and maintainable code, are detail oriented pragmatists with a positive attitude, don’t shy away from going outside of their tech comfort zone, and demonstrate curiosity and willingness to keep continuously learning.

Next Steps

If you didn't know it yet, we have a strong Python community at Wolt: around 100 of our engineers are actively using Python and sharing knowledge related to its rich ecosystem. Check out Wolt Tech Talks Youtube channel for recordings from our Python meetups and the Python-related blog posts in our engineering blog ✨
💯 Overall our product organization consists of a team of over 400 people at Wolt. We aim to build none other than the best-in-the-world engineering team here.
💙 You’ll get to work in a company culture where we take ownership beyond the obvious, do common things uncommonly well, we think big but stay humble, do right by people, we treat others kindly and justly, recognise that if we don’t learn, we won’t stay still but fall behind, and keep in mind that Luke was Yoda’s greatest achievement.
🙌 Join us for an exciting journey! The compensation will be a negotiable combination of monthly pay and DoorDash equity. The latter makes it exceptionally easy to be excited about our company growing and doing well, as you'll own a piece of the pie.
If you want to check up on your application or have any further questions about the position you can turn to Talent Acquisition Associate, Lina Muncyte, at lina.muncyte(at)wolt.com at any given time.

About Wolt

Wolt is a technology company that makes it incredibly easy to discover and get the best restaurants, grocery stores and other local shops delivered to your home or office. Wolt works together with over 52,000 restaurant and retail partners as well as with over 110,000 courier partners across 23 countries and 210 cities.
Our apps (iOS and Android) have the industry’s highest reviews, largely because of our customer-centric approach to how we build our products and operations. For example, our customer service team responds in a matter of seconds, in the customer’s own language.
We’ve raised more than €707M in financing from renowned U.S. and European based investors, such as ICONIQ Capital, Tiger Global, DST, Prosus, KKR, Coatue, 83North, Goldman Sachs, Highland Europe and EQT Ventures & EQT Growth, among others. We've also been fortunate enough to receive some appreciation and recognition for our hard work along the way: Apple selected Wolt’s app as their Editors' Choice, Wired named the company one of the "Hottest Startups in Europe," Forbes included our CEO Miki Kuusi on its 30-under-30 in Consumer Tech list, and the Nordic Startup Awards named Wolt Company of the Year.
In 2020, the Financial Times named us Europe’s second fastest growing company. We’re still expanding rapidly and are looking for more talented individuals to join us. If you are passionate about cutting-edge technology, great food, and making an impact in your city, then Wolt just might be for you.
Wolt is more than just a food and retail delivery operation – in fact we are built upon a solid foundation of state-of-the-art technology. Our internal tooling enables us to ramp up new cities efficiently and provide excellent customer service, our own logistics platform allows us to optimise our couriers' work to get you the food you want as fast as possible, and our restaurant platform allows restaurants to offer exciting food experiences for our customers in an optimal way.
We work in small teams with high ownership, with each team focusing on a key area of the Wolt product stack. Each and every one of our product team members has a say in where we are going and what solutions we implement. We work with a passion, but we haven't forgotten how to have fun along the way!