About the job
4flow software develops a range of global standard software products for logistics and transport planning that can be used across all industries. The integrated planning approach of our software products ranges from long-term optimization of network structures to short-term optimization of transport utilization. In addition, the planning results can be combined with transport processing and invoicing to form an integrated transport management system.

Our Languages: Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, Python

Our Frameworks: Serverless, Docker, Vue.js, Node.js

Our Tools: AWS, Gitlab, Jenkins, Gradle, Ansible, Postman, IntelliJ, YouTrack

Our Methods: Agile. Right now, we are using Scrum with two-week iterations.

Your Role

You will be part of a small greenfield project team that is aiming to take our in-house developed mathematical models and apply them in a heavily parallelized and scalable manner to existing customer data. We want to take the results of this optimization process and display them to the end user in a concise and actionable manner.

You contribute to the team by:

Bringing in your expertise on infrastructure and frameworks to shape highly scalable and secure backend solutions
Extending and applying our optimization engines in new ways
Taking a Cloud Native DevOps approach to software development

Our Requirements

To be successful in this role, we believe you should bring at least five years of software development experience to 4flow.

What is important to us:

Experience with microservices and serverless design paradigms in a public cloud environment (preferably AWS)
DevOps mindset and strong sense of personal ownership
Very good English proficiency to communicate with your international colleagues

That being said, we’d love to hear your thoughts: Why is the role a good fit for you?

Why 4flow?

We offer you the best of both worlds: A professional software development process (stability and structure of a medium-sized company) as well as an agile and evolving culture (flexibility and ambition of a start-up).

We are an award-winning employer (Leading Employer 2021) and as one of the top ten most family-friendly German employers of 2020, we care about our employees. Still not convinced? Then, here are other advantages, benefits and perks:

Work remotely from anywhere in Germany and up to 90 days/year within all the EU
Flexible working hours (great when you have a family or if you are a night owl)
Option for additional unpaid vacation (to adjust to your life)
Possibility to work part-time or do Sabbaticals
Employee Assistance Programme (e.g. mental health, career development and family care – we support your needs)
Training and development time and budgets
Mobility budget (e.g. yearly public transportation ticket for Berlin)
Permanent contract (we know you are a keeper)

P.S.: Yes, we do have great coffee in our offices!

Sounds like a fit?

Then we are looking forward to your application!