About the job
About Vaayu

Vaayu is on a mission to decarbonize retail by helping brands (from fashion and beauty to consumer goods, health and beyond) to track, cut and credibly communicate their climate impact in real time. Our science-based platform provides granular, automated and accurate carbon calculations, powered by over 600,000 activity-based data points that make it easy for brands to understand their emissions and take action throughout the value chain to meet their reduction targets. We believe in the power of technology as a force for good and are looking for game-changers from across Europe (or equivalent time zones) who share our vision of helping retailers reduce 1 gigaton of emissions by 2030. If you want to work at a purpose-driven startup and be part of a team defining state-of-the-art technology that drives down carbon emissions at scale, we'd love to hear from you.

Our Values
Environmental. The Earth is our protagonist. Protecting it is at the center of everything we do.
Collaborative. Climate change affects us all. By working collaboratively we know we can make a difference within retail, and beyond.
Honest. Our voice is informative and authentic. We want to share what we are working on, be open about the challenges, and build an ecosystem that creates change.

About The Role

We are looking for an experienced Senior Backend Engineer to play a pivotal

role in the development of our carbon software, used by our online retail customers to help them measure, monitor and reduce their carbon footprint. You will be joining Vaayu as one of the first employees in a fast growing start-up and have the opportunity to help shape everything that comes next. This role is perfect for someone with an intuition for data and who enjoys leading their own work. We value entrepreneurial minded people, who always think 'customer first'.

What this looks like (Responsibilities):
Build data driven systems from the ground up, with a high degree of autonomy.
Lay the technical foundation of our platform and take full ownership of your work.
Mine data for insights into carbon reduction potential.
Enable our systems to scale to processing hundreds of millions of transactions a day.
Build data pipelines for normalization and integration using Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning.
Build internal management tools working on all layers of the stack including the frontend.

Who We Are Looking For (qualifications)
You know how to build systems from the ground up.
We are not looking for expertise in our stack — we are more interested in the ability to pick up technologies quickly. We currently use the following:
Programming languages: Golang, Python, JavaScript, TCL, TypeScript
Databases: Postgresql (Cloud SQL), Neo4j, Redis
Infrastructure: Google Cloud Platform, Google Kubernetes Engine, Docker
Other key technologies: Kafka, JSON REST APIs, Vue.js, D3.js
Enjoy working collaboratively within a team, as well as autonomously.
A proactive passion for solving climate change.
Fluent in English.

Benefits

Vaayu provides the opportunity to:
Work at a mission-driven start-up with sustainability experts
Receive equity in a fast-growing business with an exciting journey ahead
Full remote work from anywhere in Europe
Collaborate with a diverse, open-minded, and international team
Grow and develop within an expanding team of entrepreneurial experts
Join our bi-annually offsite where we come together in a European destination
Enjoy 26 days paid leave with an additional day for every year of employment (up to 30 days)
Opt-in to pension and health policies available within your region of work

Vaayu is an equal opportunity employer. We do not believe in discrimination of any kind, and are proud to have an international team from over 17 different countries. We nurture an inclusive and collaborative environment for all, and are committed to reflecting a diverse range of backgrounds, experience and thinking.