About the job
Aiven is a hypergrowth Platform-as-a-Service company offering the best in open-source and data technologies on multiple cloud platforms.

Headquartered in Helsinki with hubs in Berlin, Boston, Paris, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo and Toronto, Aiven provides managed open-source data technologies, such as PostgreSQL, Apache Kafka and M3, on all major clouds.

In 2022, we raised Series D funding of $210M to fuel our global expansion, the comprehensiveness of our platform and to focus on new programs in sustainability and diversity in tech.

Open source is at our core. We compensate our employees who contribute to open source outside of their daily work with Aiven and we have set up an Open Source Program Office (OSPO), to actively focus on giving back to the open-source community.

Our Mission and Values

Aiven’s mission is to enable customers to drive business results from open source, transforming their businesses. We love to operate our favorite tools at scale and empower our customers, in over 60 countries, to do great work.

We live our values of courage, openness and ownership every day, and continually strive to ensure that every Aivener is empowered to contribute creatively and meaningfully, in a work environment where they have the tools to succeed and the comfort and support to be themselves.

About The Role

We are looking for a backend engineer to work on our cloud operations platform turning the best open source technologies into frustration-free cloud services. You’ll be part of a team working on the Aiven cloud platform, improving its scalability and reliability, implementing new features as well as extending our product portfolio of open source data technologies.

Our philosophy is to automate everything and to avoid repetitive manual work in everything we do. Our own backend systems are mostly implemented in Python with bits of Java, Go and C. We offer and operate a number of complex open source databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, ClickHouse and Apache Cassandra and open source data technologies such as Apache Kafka and Apache Flink.

Your Responsibilities Will Be

Writing high quality, maintainable code and releasing quality features
Performing peer reviews and participating in technical discussions both at the team level and among the product development engineering domain
Contributing to technical planning and backlog management
Helping investigate and resolve customer issues

Must-have:

Excellent development skills, preferably in Python
Ability to write good automated tests
Experience on using Linux in development
Fluency in English, verbal and written

Nice to have:

Hands-on experience with some of the following systems: Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Apache Cassandra, ClickHouse, Elasticsearch/OpenSearch
Good understanding of security (software,networking)
Distributed systems knowledge
Experience and/or interest in infrastructure as code

Benefits

A dynamic environment in a rapidly growing, international business
An agile working environment with short decision paths
Compensation for open-source contributions made in your free time
Flexible working hours, including remote work
Paid time off for vacation, personal reasons, illness, parental leaves, and public holidays
Choose the devices and tools that make you work the best including a mobile phone and subscription
Grow-with-the-flow with access to an individual learning budget, our Aiven Library, individual coaching, and popular online learning platforms
Home office furniture and internet stipend for fully-remote Aiveners
Participation in employee stock option plan
Our Employee Assistance Program and other wellness programs
Offices packed with snacks, soft drinks, treats, and fruits
Beginners and advanced German lessons
Professional Massage at the Office
Health and fitness benefits (Urban Sport Club membership)
Team Breakfast once a month
Referral Bonus

You will be part of a highly-skilled, tight-knit and growing team, making your contribution essential to what is becoming a truly unique success story. If you’re interested, send us your application and we'll take it from there.

Equal Opportunities

Aiven provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to age, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, religion, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability, marital and family status or without regard to any other similar personal attributes.

Aiven complies with applicable local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company operates. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and any other terms and conditions related to employment.

At Aiven we are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities or special needs in our working environment and job application procedures. We make all reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities or who otherwise need support to thrive in the workplace. We are committed to continuously improving workplace accessibility. There is an option to request a discussion in the application process but if you have any questions before applying please reach out to recruitment@aiven.io.