About the job
Awarded 2022's Best Connectivity Solution, EMnify does more than link the world's most cutting-edge devices. It is a place where curiosity is rewarded, collaboration is abundant, and encouraging others is a way of life. We look for innovative human beings who own the process and love people. Just like IoT, we're all connected. Learn more about us by visiting www.emnify.com.

Your Position

As a (Senior) Backend Engineer - API, you will improve our unique product and help us build a business critical solutions the growing IoT market needs. We provide our customers with a sophisticated user interface as well as APIs to enable them to create and manage their own virtual mobile network. You will be working with your team to build new APIs, extend the functionality of our current APIs and support build great looking UX optimized UI modules for those APIs and deploy all of that infrastructure in an automated way after running it through your automated tests. Your goal is to deploy every feature.

Your Responsibilities
Develop our internal and external APIs using Lambda, DynamoDB and API Gateway
Create a continuous delivery stream for API and UI deployments using pipeline
Write automated deployment configuration in Terraform or Serverless to deploy your code and infrastructure
Participate in development our external and internal UIs using Vue and Angular
Design, implement and test single-page applications that improve the user experience
Integrate with other modern web platform API's like Maps, Payment, Analytics...
Contribute to a self-empowered scrum team with talented colleagues
Learn new technology and steer the way our product is developed

Your Profile
High motivation and eagerness to learn new technologies
Fluency in English
Excellent understanding and min. 3 years of work experience with:
Developing microservices in TypeScript or similar language
REST-APIs or GraphQL
Databases (SQL and NoSQL)
Vue and Angular 2+
Automated testing and test driven development
Continuous integration and continuous deployment frameworks
Bonus Points
Work experience in agile development teams using scrum
Having contributed to Open Source projects
Having spoken on tech conferences or events

We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for your application, regardless to your nationality, ethnic or national origin, skin color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity. Your qualification and value add are the deciding factors!

In case you are living with disabilities, chronic illness or neurodiversity please inform us, to provide you with the proper assistance in the application process.

Before submitting your application, please read our Privacy Notice here.