About the job
🚑 About FIRST A

FIRST A is a health tech start-up and the first quick delivery service for medication in Germany. Headquartered in Berlin we deliver pharmacy-only medicines and drugstore products to your doorsteps within 30 minutes. Our service makes access to medication as fast and easy as possible - nationwide. FIRST A is a long-term partner of local pharmacies and is driving digitization of the healthcare market. Since April 2022, we are part of the leading European online pharmacy SHOP APOTHEKE EUROPE.

🚀 Your Responsibilities
Contribute to architecting and building backend of web and mobile products.
Maintain these products for accuracy and high availability.
Write and maintain modular and high performance code.
Collaborate across functions and own the planning, estimation and execution for parts of the product.
Continuously identify opportunities to improve system designs, architecture and implementation standards.
Mentor 2-4 junior Developers.

🦸 About You
5+ years of relevant experience of architecting and building products/business critical backend applications using Node.js
Experience with relational databases like Postgres or MySQL.
Exposure to cloud infrastructure like AWS, GCP etc.
Familiarity with REST APIs and stress testing tools.
Exposure to deployment best practices and auto scalable infrastructure setup.
Familiarity with caching tools and queuing systems is a plus.
Contribute to architecting and building backend of web and mobile products.
Maintain these products for accuracy and high availability.
Write and maintain modular and high performance code.
Collaborate across functions and own the planning, estimation and execution for parts of the product.
Prior work experience in cross-functional team in remote setting.
Experience in building complex web applications.
Strong advocacy for good software development practices and codebase improvement.
Strong analytical skills.
Good communication skills

🤩 Why join FIRST A
Great opportunity to shape a young product
A setup of your choice to ensure that you have all the tools you need to do your best work.
A chance to work in highly motivated team of bright minds
A diverse company culture (30+ people with 5+ nationalities) with fast decision making loops, rapid self-development, and growth opportunities.
Remote-friendly work environment.

Do you want to make a difference and improve access to medicines for many people? We look forward to hearing from you!

FIRST A is an equal opportunity employer who values diversity and encourages people of all ethnic & racial origins, gender identities, sexual orientations, religions & ideologies, socio-economic statuses, educational backgrounds, ages, and individuals of all abilities to apply.