About the job
As a Back End Engineer in the LUKSO engineering team, your mission is to partner with us to enhance our backend capabilities and build new features. You will contribute to the development of building various APIs, backend queuing systems or/and blockchain transaction relay services. Some of these will be off-chain solutions whilst others will be integrated with on-chain solutions.

LUKSO is focused on bringing blockchain technology to its next frontier with new tools and standards that will revolutionize the way the world interacts with blockchain. Creators and users will be able to have a seamless Web3 experience with LUKSO's future-proof solutions and we welcome talent around the world to join us in building the most innovative tools for the New Creative Economy.

LUKSO was Co-Founded by Chief Blockchain Architect, Fabian Vogelsteller, author of ERC-20, ERC-725, Web3.js, Mist Browser and former Lead Dapp developer of Ethereum and Marjorie Hernandez, an early blockchain strategist working with Ethereum, IOTA Foundation and world-renowned brands, who also Co-Founded THE DEMATERIALISED.

LUKSO is now being developed by 40+ people around the globe and we are looking for motivated and passionate people who are up to the task of joining us in building out the foundation for the New Creative Economy and the apps that power it.

--

In one year you’ll know you were successful if you’ve…
Worked closely with Product Owners and third-party service consumers on the development of the new features.
Produced quality codebase with maximum simplicity and testability that is well documented.
Worked with technologies such as RESTful APIs, becoming the subject matter expert.
Helped to shape LUKSO’s core development mission, with your influence and expertise.

A background like this helps:
Several years of professional experience working with Gitflow (or being able to compromise on this with the team).
Node.js experience (such as NestJS, Express or similar)..
Additional experience in TypeScript and/or experience in hard typed language.
Experience working with Domain driven design (separation of concern or SoA - service oriented architecture).
Familiar with testing libraries such as Jest, Mocha, Cypress
Good understanding of SQL.
Great communicator and able to construct needs/requirements properly.
Knowledge of DevOps basics, but also maybe specifics of Cloud Services and containerisation
Collaboration on the requirements, needs and flaws.
Understanding of scrumban/ all the standard rituals for agile approach.
Knowledge of queueing systems is great to have.
Understanding of stateful web with websockets is a massive plus.
Kubernetes knowledge is also a massive plus.
A demonstrated interest in cryptocurrencies/blockchain/web3 Technology, attending conferences or even being involved with DAOs, with a willingness and eagerness to learn on a daily basis.

What We Offer:
Innovation-driven working environment, where you’ll be part of a project that aims to set new standards in the industry and change the world we live in: doc.lukso.tech
Team lunches and social activities
Regular in-office health & sporting activities
Collaborative squads and a flat structure, with a renowned team of industry experts
Work fully remote CEST +/-6h or from our picturesque LUKSO office located next to the Spree river in Berlin, Germany

--

LUKSO is the new blockchain for the Creative Economy. As a next-generation layer-1 EVM blockchain, LUKSO has introduced new tools and standards that will bring blockchain technology to its next frontier. The building blocks for the New Creative Economy will revolutionize the way users and creators interact with the blockchain. From Fashion, Art, Music, Entertainment, Gaming, Social Media and more, we welcome you to explore our open and interoperable blueprint for the physical and digital worlds.

LUKSO has introduced new standards called LUKSO Standard Proposals (LSPs), which are the building blocks for the New Creative Economy. These building blocks can be used to create user-friendly dApps and lower the barriers of entry in Web3 for all creators and users.

Universal Profiles bring social identity to blockchain and improve the overall user experience in Web3. With upgradable security, these platform-agnostic smart-contract-based accounts empower users and creators and allow for true ownership, interoperability, transaction relay services and more.

LUKSO’s new standards allow for flexible NFTs that are extensible and directly compatible with Universal Profiles. NFTs 2.0 are updatable, safer and have unlimited metadata, batch transfers and even better IDs.

LUKSO is bringing blockchain beyond DeFi with Cultural Currencies. The future of blockchain is social, and LUKSO’s essential, future-proof solutions are reshaping the way the world interacts with the blockchain.

You belong here.

At LUKSO, we welcome applicants from around the world of all abilities, race, ethnicity, gender/gender expression and age to explore our solutions and join us in building out the foundation for the New Creative Economy. We look forward to meeting you!