About the job
We’re building a global, digital payments network, based on API access to highly secure banking rails, but free from the limitations of their decades old technology and cost model to support it. Payments have so far missed out on the cost benefits that come from scale and the innovation potential of the digitisation of all other areas of our lives. With deep partnerships across the ecosystem we’re making real-time payments work for a digital world. We believe moving money + data together is an untapped source of innovation, and will change not only the way we buy things, but the way we live with more useful and relevant experiences. We believe it's what makes us different from other payments providers.
We’ve recently raised our Series A funding for the next phase of our company road map, so we’re expanding the engineering team to meet the coming, new challenges.

About the role and the team
We're looking for someone who shares our vision, who identifies with our desire to reinvent payments and will help guide us through our growth to directly compete with Visa and MasterCard. You'll participate in the direction of the company and products, you'll be part of a team where everyone has a voice.
As a Back-End Engineer you'll be building our core API products and back-end services. You'll deliver event driven, composable and distributed systems that can be consumed either directly by our customers or by other engineers. You'll also build resilient integrations with some of our external partners and their APIs, building the core functionality of our products.
We don't expect people to be experts with all of the technology we use or to immediately be able to pickup all the tasks we might ask of them. We want to build an environment where people can learn and grow openly, where failure is accepted as a part of learning and there's enough to support to help people be successful.

You will
Work with other engineers, product managers and designers across the company to prioritise, build, measure and iterate over new features or products
Be part of the team responsible for building products for merchants/partners and consumers on top of our new payment network
Build services and software that's fast, resilient and and meets our challenging scale, integrity and security needs
Build event based, REST based or RPC based interfaces that are consumed by engineers on other teams or by our customers
Improve engineering standards, tooling and processes as we grow

You may be a good fit if you have
Experience in communicating and working with software teams, and working towards building inclusive, fun environments
The ability to reason intelligently about complex, uncertain problems and reduce them down to clean, simple abstractions through well designed systems
Experience in taking software end-to-end, from inception working alongside engineers and product managers to production and beyond
Experience developing distributed, reliable and resilient systems
Substantial experience in Go

Any combination of the following would make your application stand out
Experience writing software that integrates with multiple external systems
Experience in payments, Fintech or in any mission-critical / regulated industry
Experience building public APIs and designing for developer experience
Experience building service based architectures
Experience building within event driven architectures
Experience working with public cloud technologies (GCP, AWS)
Experience with k8s

The interview process
The interview process will focus on three areas: your experience building products and taking on technical challenges; your technical skills; and how you'll fit in culturally with the rest of the team. We want to take your time seriously, and use as little of it as possible to make our decision. We will also commit to giving you constructive, meaningful feedback whether we decide to move forward together or not.

All interviews will take place remotely, via Zoom.

Your interview will be broken down into three stages, scheduled separately and with feedback after each:
An initial call with the Engineering Lead to outline the company and the role, and for you to share your career experience. If there's a good fit to move forward, we'll continue with a technical interview.
A technical interview with the Engineering Lead alongside another member of the team. It's a chance for you to share your technical knowledge in a little more depth. We'll outline a few high level technical problems and discuss possible solutions together.
A technical interview with our VP Engineering, focused more on system architecture.
A final stage for you to talk with our Head of People about the high level direction of the company, what you want to achieve with your career and how we can help you achieve it. At this point we should have enough information to make you an offer, should it be appropriate.

You'll be given the chance to ask questions at all of these stages, and we would encourage you to do so. After each of the three stages you'll be given structured feedback.