About the job
kevin. is a startup with a bright present and even brighter future. Here we dream big, and then we commit to making those dreams come true. We have already built things that were never built before - in-app payments, card redirect, and there is more to come.

How did we manage that? By hiring people that are talented, driven, ambitious. Our company provides an environment where people like that can flourish - they can learn, explore, innovate. And they do just that!

So come join us and add rocket fuel to your career! kevin. is a great place to explore paths that were not explored before, and actually make impactful decisions.

As our new Android Software Engineer, you will:

The Mobile team is building a set of apps ranging from a custom SDK to a custom NFC payments solution in order to ensure a seamless integration to our client’s in-app payments and POS payments. We are a bunch of the industry leading professionals containing both backend and mobile engineers.
We are looking for an Android Software Engineer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to revolutionize mobile payments. You will:

Work on proofs-of-concept of new technologies and innovative solutions
Analyze the product needs
Contribute to product specifications and user documentation of your software
Work on great architecture and cutting edge technical stack

Please take a look at our tech stack in detail on https://stackshare.io/kevineu/kevin

What you need to be successful:

2+ years experience with Android SDK
Experience with Kotlin Coroutines and Kotlin flows knowledge
Experience with Jetpack Compose
Experience using REST APIs
Experience with NFC, HCE protocols (a plus)
Experience with software and hardware integrations (a plus)
Experience with iOS (a plus)
Must have proven time management skills and the ability to deliver to tight deadlines
Able to quickly analyse issues and offer sound recommendations and solutions in a fast growing company

We don’t play games when it comes to compensation packages and benefits for our employees. Our remuneration ranges from €5060 to €6190, based on your experience and competence. We not only provide competitive salaries, but we also offer several extra benefits, such as short- and long-term incentives, private health insurance, and much more. So if you’re looking for stability and comfort with a bit of excitement sprinkled in here and there, then kevin. is the place for you!

What will you get in addition:

Competitive salary.
Flexible salary payments - pick if you want to get your salary weekly, monthly, or twice a month (applicable only for Lithuania-based employees).
Freedom to create, innovate, and make impactful decisions.
Flexible working schedule – just bring us the result on time.*
Talented and committed team members - the best in their fields.
Full ownership of your tasks and decisions.
Private Health Insurance.
Full compliance with local law requirements and labour code.
*Expectations on location may apply depending on role and seniority

kevin.’s advanced A2A (account-to-account) payment infrastructure solution was created to swiftly change costly card payments to payments linked directly from customers’ bank accounts without using any third-party providers. kevin.’s technology scales to businesses of any size and across industries, including retail, parking, fashion, car-sharing, deliveries, insurance and many more. kevin. focuses on mobile and POS payments where customers predominantly pay using cards currently. Its payment infrastructure is based on open banking – regulated by the European PSD2 Directive – which requires all banks and financial institutions in the European Economic Area to open their API for licensed third-party providers. kevin. develops only own connections to the banks without using any third-party aggregators.
Currently, the Company supports more than 6,000 merchants in 15 markets, including Sweden, Finland, Poland, Spain, Netherlands, Baltics and Portugal, where the company has a coverage of more than 85% of bank customers. The firm’s services will be available in 28 European Economic Area (EEA) countries by the end of 2022. kevin. has a team of more than 190 employees in 20 countries and it plans to expand its workforce to beyond 350 employees in 2022.

kevin. is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.