About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn more
About Codestryke GmbH

Wir sind ein High-Tech Unternehmen im Bereich Industrial IoT und zählen zu den fortschrittlichsten Lösungsanbietern in Deutschland. Unsere Softwareprodukte und Lösungen sind weltweit auf 4,5 Millionen Geräten im Einsatz. Dabei arbeiten wir eng mit Partnern wie Microsoft und Siemens zusammen. Wir suchen zum nächstmöglichen Zeitpunkt Verstärkung für unser Jobangebot Backend Developer with Node.js - Remote (m/f/d).

Sounds interesting? Then we look forward to receiving your application via our partner Workwise.

Your Responsibilities

As part of our VergeLink team, you will actively participate in the product development process
You will be responsible for the architecture, development and optimization of backend and edge services
You will participate in agile processes, including sprint planning, project implementations, retrospectives and daily meetings

Your Profile

You are fluent in German (C1), as well as in English (C1)
You have a successfully completed technical degree or a technical education
You bring at least 2-3 years of experience in backend development and have solid knowledge of Node.js with TypeScript
You have knowledge of common protocol types (GraphQL, HTTP, MQTT, TLS, REST)
You know how to use Linux, Bash and common Linux command line tools
You are experienced with network configurations and have a deeper understanding of internet and network protocols
You have experience with Docker and React
You have a passion for contributing ideas and working in a team environment

Our Offer

Highly motivated teams, flat hierarchies, direct communication
Modern tech stack with strong focus on reducing monotonous tasks (e.g. fully automated creation of all CRUD APIs - incl. client - with Hasura & GraphQL)
Varied tasks in exciting projects
Growing company in a future-oriented industry
Numerous opportunities for further training
Flexible working hours and a high level of personal responsibility
Event days (Oktoberfest, short trips, after-work events)
Free of charge: healthy snacks, fruits, drinks and smoothies
Modern office space in the Munich Central Tower with top connections

Our job offer Backend Developer with Node.js - Remote (m/f/d) sounds interesting? Then we are looking forward to receiving your application via Workwise.

With our partner Workwise, you can apply for this job in just a few minutes without a cover letter and track the status of your application live.