About the job
Our mission? Creating the finance solution that energizes SMEs and freelancers, so they can achieve more. We simplify everything from everyday banking to bookkeeping and spend management. At Qonto, we’re passionate about creating the best product - with both impact and a great user experience. So if you’re looking for an ambitious team that’s revolutionizing a rather old-fashioned industry, get in touch. You can find out more about the Qonto Way here .

Alexandre and Steve launched Qonto in July 2017. Since then, the team has made great strides:
Becoming market leader for online SME banking in Europe with 300,000 SME clients
Getting recognized as one of the Top 10 startups to work for ( LinkedIn | Glassdoor )
Opening offices in Paris, Berlin, Milan, Barcelona and Belgrade
Recently joining forces with Penta, a market leader, based in Berlin and Belgrade to strengthen our growth
900+ happy Qontoers building a finance solution businesses love to use.

Our values:

Ambition | We tackle big challenges. No matter what

Teamwork | We create momentum by working together, at the same speed

Mastery | We pursue excellence through continuous learning. We face challenges with humility. Every day

Integrity | We're open. We're honest. And we earn the trust of our clients and each other

Join us as a Staff Engineer to craft polished user experiences, highly scalable APIs and robust banking services, all to help create the finance solution all businesses love !

As a Staff Engineer, you will be part of a team of 100 highly skilled back end engineers from all over the world. You will work closely in cross-functional teams to shape our finance solutions. You will participate in the discussions on the direction of our banking product, manage how we will handle our ever-growing user base needs, and deliver high-quality products in a fast-paced environment.

👩‍💻🧑‍💻 As a Staff Engineer at Qonto, you will
Provide technical leadership on large complex technical projects
Mentor junior/senior members of the Back End team
Build a great product by shipping efficient features
Produce high-quality and well-documented code
Ship high-quality code to be sure production meets the product requirements
Produce software designs to support the enhancement and long-term maintainability

🤔 What you can expect: Get to know our working methodology, the Qonto Way
We highly value the analysis phase on software delivery placing a heavy emphasis on upfront technical designs, team reviews, and smart slicing (called Value Engineering). In this manner, you would be expected to put a heavy focus on Quality which we believe drives the velocity our customers need.
We foster an environment that enables our engineers to be proud, therefore happy, of the work they are doing as we believe that this is the route to success .
We think that success comes out of a space where you are given time, support, and authority to improve yourself, our systems and our processes. Our lean toolbox enables you to monitor your constant improvements ( Kaizen , PDCA) in a collaborative way with your peers and manager.
Our engineers, working in cross-functional teams writing mostly in Golang and Ruby, dedicate themselves to one feature at a time (we call this One Piece Flow).

🤝 Your future Head Of

One of our Heads of Backend at Qonto is David , and he's managing teams working on Platform Services. He worked in both France and the UK, initially as a Software Engineer within all-size businesses and then in technical and team leadership positions. In 2015, he left the UK for good, to join a startup in France as a CTO. His team built a platform alongside French Football Federation to help sports coaches to manage their athletes' performances. The next step in his career was another startup, but this time in the video game industry to build a data-driven platform from scratch.
What can he bring to you and the team?

David has a lot of experience in Software Craftsmanship and Extreme programming. You will have the opportunity to work in a department that values high-quality software. He also fosters and promotes a highly collaborative workplace and embraces ambitious and difficult technical challenges.
Your collaboration?

You can expect a very respectful relationship based on trust, empowerment, and ownership. David always makes himself extremely available and will live up to the high expectation he sets for his team members.

🏅About You
Technical Mastery of one or more programming languages: Go, Ruby, Python, Java, Javascript/Typescript. Robust background in distributed systems - Kafka - SOA - Multiple Teams
State of art engineering practices: Testing, refactoring, domain-driven design...
Problem solver: You are a pragmatic and solution-oriented engineer who is interested in solving hard problems and delivering value
Impact Maker: You want to help build an innovative product used by tens of thousands of users and leave your mark
Team Player: Collaborative Analysis - Group work, pair programming, code review
Languages: You are fluent in English

If you read this far and feel like this could be a great opportunity for you, please don’t self-reject and just hit the button “Apply”

🎁 Perks

A laptop. An inclusive work environment. A tailor-made career track. And so much more to help you succeed…

Office & Team Life
A central fully-renovated building in Berlin with WeWork services
The latest equipment from Apple
Monthly team events
Free coffee and snacks in the kitchen

Qonto’s Benefits
A competitive salary package
Tailor-made Remote Policy
28 days of paid leave
Moka Care to take care of your mental health and gym access with Urban Sports Club
Meal vouchers
50% public transportation reimbursement
An inclusive environment with a focus on parity: 44% of our teams are women
Relocation package and visa sponsorship for international talents (we have 60+ nationalities) including access to Busuu to improve your language skills
Career tracks and mobility opportunities that can match all expectations

💪 Our hiring process:
A 60 min video call with one of our Talent Acquisition Managers, to better understand your career plan and answer any questions you may have
A 60 min video call with your future manager, to be aligned on expectations on both sides and to talk about how you would work together
A remote exercise to evaluate your skills and give you a taste of what working Qonto could be like
Video calls or onsite interviews with future team members (optional) to help you understand what working at Qonto is like
A final video call or onsite interview with the manager of your future Department

We will send you an interview guide so you can best prepare yourself.

On average our process lasts 20 working days and offers usually follow within 48 hours 🤞

Thank you for considering joining Qonto. We cannot wait to learn more about you!

If you want to learn more about us: Handelsblatt | Qonto's Blog | Startup Insider | Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ)