About the job
Our mission? Creating the finance solution that energizes SMEs and freelancers, so they can achieve more. We simplify everything from everyday banking to bookkeeping and spend management. At Qonto, we’re passionate about creating the best product - with both impact and a great user experience. So if you’re looking for an ambitious team that’s revolutionizing a rather old-fashioned industry, get in touch. You can find out more about the Qonto Way here .

Alexandre and Steve launched Qonto in July 2017. Since then, the team has made great strides:
Becoming market leader for online SME banking in Europe with 300,000 SME clients
Getting recognized as one of the Top 10 startups to work for ( LinkedIn | Glassdoor )
Opening offices in Paris, Berlin, Milan, Barcelona and Belgrade
Recently joining forces with Penta, a market leader, based in Berlin and Belgrade to strengthen our growth
900+ happy Qontoers building a finance solution businesses love to use.

Our values:

Ambition | We tackle big challenges. No matter what

Teamwork | We create momentum by working together, at the same speed

Mastery | We pursue excellence through continuous learning. We face challenges with humility. Every day

Integrity | We're open. We're honest. And we earn the trust of our clients and each other

Join us as a Backend Engineer to craft polished user experiences, highly scalable APIs and robust banking services, all to help create the finance solution all businesses love.

As a Backend Engineer , you will be part of a team of 100 highly skilled back-end engineers from all over the world. You will work closely in cross-functional teams to shape our finance solutions. You will participate in the discussions on the direction of our banking product, manage how we will handle our ever-growing user base needs, and deliver high-quality products in a fast-paced environment.

👩‍💻🧑‍💻 As a Backend Engineer at Qonto, you will
Design, develop and maintain our APIs for maximum resilience, scalability, robustness, and security
Build new applications and services to support our API's and internal tools to help us move faster with confidence and quality
Play an active role in the architecture at Qonto to better support our growing user base and scaling needs
Maintain our high level of quality through strong testing methodologies, documentation, pairing, and learning
Help scale our backend codebase while maintaining our strong engineering culture ,
Share your knowledge and learnings through internal and external talks and participate in the development of open-source tools

Our primary languages are Python, Golang and Ruby on the backend, EmberJS on the frontend, and Kotlin and Swift for our Mobile applications. Our platform runs on a Kubernetes cluster hosted on AWS, with PostgreSQL as our database of choice, using Kafka for our event-driven architecture and ELK for logging and auditing, among many other tools, services, and applications.

However, not mastering our stack is not an issue at all! A lot of Qontoers have learned Python, Go and/or Ruby since they joined us.

As long as you are willing to learn, it doesn't matter if you've been using Java, Javascript/Typescript or Scala.

🧠 What You Could Work On

As part of our Engineering department, you will work within one of our cross-functional teams, each team handling a part of our product. A few examples of these teams are:

💳 Cards: the team responsible for building all the functionalities around Qonto credit cards. For example, the cards order flow, the cards settings screens, the insurance page.

✈️ Onboarding: the team guiding users through a delightful and frictionless sign-up experience.

💶 Spend Management: the team building seamless workflows for employees to make payments and for finance teams to manage expenses.

📊 Dashboard: let clients monitor their relevant financial activities.

🧮 Bookkeeping: Provide a Bookkeeping solution that saves our clients time while ensuring control over their accounting requirements (e.g. receipts, vat, accounting records).

💹 Pricing: Provide transparent price plans and information on billing and consumption.

🌎 Transfers: Pay and be paid by checks, SWIFT, SEPA transfers as fast as possible by anyone at a fair price.

🤔 What you can expect
Work in a multicultural fast-paced environment with a strong focus on quality
Build robust products and improve features used by 220K+ clients across Europe
Have a strong impact on business decisions as part of a Cross-Functional Team (our Back End engineers work commonly with other departments on a topic in order to provide the best solution in terms of efficiency and productivity).
Keep learning and improving: a various range of training, peer programming sessions with our Experts, possibility to learn a new programming language (Ruby, GO...)
Share knowledge among the whole tech and product team (internal and external talk, weekly meetings, Tech Monthly) and the community (articles, meetups)

🤝 Your future Head Of

One of our Heads of Backend at Qonto is David , and he's managing teams working on Platform Services. He worked in both France and the UK, initially as a Software Engineer within all-size businesses and then in technical and team leadership positions. In 2015, he left the UK for good, to join a startup in France as a CTO. His team built a platform alongside French Football Federation to help sports coaches to manage their athletes' performances. The next step in his career was another startup, but this time in the video game industry to build a data-driven platform from scratch.
What can he bring to you and the team?

David has a lot of experience in Software Craftsmanship and Extreme programming. You will have the opportunity to work in a department that values high-quality software. He also fosters and promotes a highly collaborative workplace and embraces ambitious and difficult technical challenges.
Your collaboration?

You can expect a very respectful relationship based on trust, empowerment, and ownership. David always makes himself extremely available and will live up to the high expectation he sets for his team members.

🏅About You
Experience: You have strong experience as a software engineer and have had exposure to architectural patterns of large, high-scale web applications. Plus, you have strong knowledge and experience in Python, Go, Ruby or similar languages and/or are willing to learn Python, Ruby, Go
Problem solver: You are a pragmatic and solution-oriented engineer who is interested in hard problems and delivering value
Impact Maker: You want to help build an innovative product used by tens of thousands of users and leave your mark
Best Practices: You are an organized worker who follows best practices regarding code quality, testing and code reviews
Curiosity: You are a curious and open-minded developer who is eager to learn a new language, banking domain and introduce new tools and services where it can help us grow
Team player: You have good communication skills, are comfortable working in a team, and can easily work with non-technical colleagues
Languages: You are fluent in English

If you read this far and feel like this could be a great opportunity for you, please don’t self-reject and just hit the button “Apply”

🎁 Perks

A laptop. An inclusive work environment. A tailor-made career track. And so much more to help you succeed…

Office & Team Life
A central fully-renovated building in Berlin with WeWork services
The latest equipment from Apple
Monthly team events
Free coffee and snacks in the kitchen

Qonto’s Benefits
A competitive salary package
Tailor-made Remote Policy
28 days of paid leave
Moka Care to take care of your mental health and gym access with Urban Sports Club
Meal vouchers
50% public transportation reimbursement
An inclusive environment with a focus on parity: 44% of our teams are women
Relocation package and visa sponsorship for international talents (we have 60+ nationalities) including access to Busuu to improve your language skills
Career tracks and mobility opportunities that can match all expectations

💪 Our hiring process:
A 60 min video call with one of our Talent Acquisition Managers, to better understand your career plan and answer any questions you may have
A 60 min video call with your future manager, to be aligned on expectations on both sides and to talk about how you would work together
A remote exercise to evaluate your skills and give you a taste of what working Qonto could be like
Video calls or onsite interviews with future team members (optional) to help you understand what working at Qonto is like
A final video call or onsite interview with the manager of your future Department

We will send you an interview guide so you can best prepare yourself.

On average our process lasts 20 working days and offers usually follow within 48 hours 🤞

Thank you for considering joining Qonto. We cannot wait to learn more about you!

If you want to learn more about us: Handelsblatt | Qonto's Blog | Startup Insider | Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ)