About the job
Hi, I'm Kitt, VP of Engineering at Customer.io . I'm looking for a QA Engineer to join our growing Engineering team.

Customer.io is looking for product-focused, collaborative Mobile QA Engineers who love solving interesting puzzles and are excited to help us build out a scalable platform that our customers love. In this role, you’ll have a direct impact on the quality of the product with a high degree of ownership and freedom. Our small, remote-first team is fun-loving, passionate, and highly effective. We offer a lot of opportunities to grow and refine your skills while having a significant impact. Other members of our team have backgrounds in a wide variety of industries, from AdTech to Gaming, and we believe that embracing our unique perspectives and expertise is key to our success as a collaborative team.

We value diversity, and as a distributed company are committed to giving you the flexibility and freedom to work from anywhere in the world, on a schedule that fits your family and your life.

What you'll do:

Be a model and mentor for designing plans, scenarios, and scripts to test our services which help our customers easily send timely & relevant messages at scale
Apply your unique perspective to help us define and test the next generation of features and infrastructure needed to help our customers and our company to flourish
Contribute to and maintain our growing automation suite
Learn, practice, and share with your coworkers through test case review, pair programming, team collaboration, and training to help improve our collective knowledge and best practices together
Work with our tech support teams to diagnose operational issues and help our customers to achieve their goals with our product
Take an active role in a friendly supportive team that encourages you and the entire company to grow as individuals, professionals, and teams

What we're looking for:

A collaborative mindset backed by excellent communication skills and a desire to help us make great decisions in an empathetic and respectful way
Experience working with customers and applying a deep understanding of their needs to produce timely solutions to their real-world problems
Ability to participate in technical discussion and providing feedback from a QA point of view.
Experience in developing test plans, assessing risk, filing appropriate bugs, and consolidating bug reports
Experience testing and debugging mobile devices both in Android and iOS
Ability to perform manual testing while identifying opportunities for automation
Ability to develop reliable test automation in Python with high-code quality, and conduct peer code reviews (e.g., unit-tests, regression tests, functional tests, stress tests).
Experience with Cypress, Appium and Backend Api automation testing is a plus
Experience working within a geographically distributed company is preferred

About Customer.io

Our mission at Customer.io is to power automated communication that people like to receive. Today over 4,300 internet businesses use Customer.io to manage, send, and track performance of email, SMS, push notifications, and in-app messages. Unlike typical marketing platforms, Customer.io helps businesses increase relevance by using behavioral data: what people do or don’t do when logged in to a web or mobile app.

We are offering a starting salary of $86,000 - $130,000 USD depending on experience and subject to market rate adjustment.

Benefits at Customer.io include:

Unlimited PTO - we encourage 20 vacation days (in addition to holidays and sick days) so that you can unwind, unplug, and recharge
100% medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance for you and your dependents
12 weeks paid parental leave - for birth, adoption, or foster care
401k retirement matching - up to 5% dollar for dollar match to retirement contributions
Health and wellness allowance - Up to $200 USD per month that can be used for your healthy living needs, including gym membership, acupuncture, massage, or bike repairs
Home office stipend - Up to $2,000 USD to help you get your home office set up so you can do your best work
Internet + cell phone reimbursement - Up to $200 USD per month for your internet and cell phone plans
Co-working space reimbursement - Up to $300 USD per month for those times you'd prefer to work in a co-working environment
Learning + development - Up to $2,000 USD reimbursement per year to use on conferences, books, classes, or workshops - anything that will help you develop your skills
1 month paid sabbatical after four years at Customer.io - to treat yourself to a vacation, or spend however you choose
1 annual company retreat per year and opportunities to meet in smaller groups throughout the year
Flexible schedule, work anywhere you want! - as long as you have a reliable internet connection and some overlapping work time with your manager, you can work where and when you want

All final candidates will be asked to complete an employment and education verification authorization form (which allows us to verify your job history and education listed on your resume) as part of our pre-employment process.

Customer.io recognizes the stifling impact of systemic injustice on diverse communities. We commit to using our influence to increase inclusion and equity within the tech industry. We strive to build an inclusive team culture, implement bias-free hiring practices, and develop community partnerships to expand our global impact.

Join us!

Check out our careers page for more information about why you should come work with us! We are passionate about our core values of Empathy, Transparency, Responsibility, and Awkwardness and are looking for new coworkers to share and build that passion!

How To Apply

Apply at the link below and tell us why you're interested in the position! There is no advantage to applying early so put your best foot forward. We plan to respond to all applicants by November 30 with a status update about your application.

Here's what you can expect from our hiring process:

30 minute video call with the Hiring Manager
1-hour Technical Interview with two members of our team
Take-Home Assignment and Review with two members of our team
Final call with our VP of Engineering