About the job
About The Role

As a Backend Software Engineer you will help to expand our game backends, slot services and tools. This includes developing new features and tools, and supporting existing features and tools.

Responsibilities
Develop new in-game features, tools, and processes
Support existing in-game features, tools, and processes
Support Mathematicians and Frontend Developers
Participate in code reviews
Research in the online casino industry

Requirements
2 years of development experience
Experience in Ruby or Python
Fluent Git user
Experience with containers (Docker)
Familiarity with CI/CD processes (GitLab CI)
Fluent in English, written and spoken
Problem solving, attention to detail and the ability to work on multiple projects

Nice to have
Enjoy creating games
1 year of experience in developing slot games
Proficient with JIRA, Google App Scripts, and Cloud Services
Knowledge of statistics, probability and combinatorics
Strong communication and teamwork skills

Good to know
We embrace diversity and equal employment opportunities. We are committed to creating a fair, supportive, and open environment for all.

Why Work for Booming Games

Founder led. Impact driven. Employee centric.

We come to the table with a compelling game offering for our clients. We are releasing an exciting game every three weeks, with aggressive plans to increase this to release a new game every two weeks. Using our cutting-edge technical expertise, we aim to shape this offering to have off-the-shelf games from which to take our pick. We strive to establish a “one team” mentality with our internal clients, working towards a common goal. We’re a multi-cultural and diverse team whose passions and strengths bring much joy to the work.

Our perks
We’re a 100% remote-first company, offering a best-in-class remote experience
Competitive package
Educational allowance per year
Dog-friendly offices in Berlin and Malta
Family-friendly policies
Career growth opportunities
Zestful working environment
Knowledge sharing opportunities
Dynamic culture surrounded by industry experts
Company social events for team bonding

Contact

HR Team