About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn more
View job here

Backend Developer - NodeJS / NestJS (m/f/d) MÜNCHEN / HAMBURG / BERLIN / REMOTE
Permanent Appointment
Remote
With Professional Experience
What You'll Focus On
Working as a Full Stack developer, building a new integrated application from scratch, which will be one of the core USPs from our company
Participating in product decisions by working closely with Product Owner
Contributing to and enforcing great coding practices through code reviews
Sharing knowledge with your colleagues during regular Knowledge Sharing sessions
Working closely together with other FinLink squads to integrate the functionality into an existing FinLink ecosystem (currently RoR + Angular)
What We're Looking For
2+ years of NodeJS / NestJS experience
General
Web API
Authentication & Authorization (e.g. Json-Web-Tokens)
Scalability & work distribution
NestJS
Injection scoping
Multi-Tenancy
Object–relational mapping (e.g. Typeorm)
Microservices (Transports, Queues, …)
Great attention to code quality & coding standards
Good grasp of architectural principles and patterns
Infrastructure
Containerization
Distributed Systems
Software
Clean Architecture
Domain Driven Design
Concepts
Proficiency in Relational Databases (PostgreSQL or similar)
Transactions & Concurrency
Query optimization
Multi-Tenancy
Very good communication skills in English (our office language)
Check out our TECH-STACK https://bit.ly/FinLink_TechStack

What We Offer
Unlimited contract for a secure and longterm collaboration
Attractive compensation combined with benefits e.g. bike rent https://bit.ly/FinLink_Benefits
A diverse, multicultural working atmosphere with regular feedback rounds
Work from anywhere or come regularly in one of our great offices with free drinks, fruits, weekly brunch and various team events
Thirty days of vacation and flexible working hours
Personal learning & development budget and time to develop your professional self
Company contributions to your private pension scheme
About Finlink

FinLink is a next generation mortgage platform making home ownership simple, transparent and accessible for everyone.

In our mission to make home ownership simple, transparent and accessible for everyone, FinLink has helped more than 100.000 people finance their home.

We are a b2b2c software company striving to give home buyers and mortgage advisors a fully digital mortgage experience.

We connect the home buyer’s journey of buying property with value-adding services along the way such as property valuation, robo-advice for financing options and leveraging AI to classify and read documents.

Our advisor-facing application includes a fully-fledged back-office that empowers the advisor to support the customers with a maximum service level: We offer a reliable and efficient mortgage application processing using workflow management, e-mail, chat, as well as secure handling of financial documents - just to name a few.

Our vision is to connect all areas of the real estate ecosystem to be a central hub for every stakeholder in the market. Our partners include real estate platforms (e.g. Immoscout24 and Immowelt), property valuation companies and lenders.

Over 600 mortgage advisors from 100+ different companies use FinLink, including Swisslife Select, Baufi24, Homeday and Immo-finanzcheck.

FinLink is part of the Baufi24 group, Germany’s fastest growing mortgage broker with 60+ branches across Germany.

Learn More About Us
FinLink: https://finlink.de/
Baufi24-Group: https://www.baufi24.de/
Apply online

Imprint | Privacy Policy

Powered by softgarden