About the job
OUR PHILOSOPHY

Who or what is SocialHub?
Founded in 2009, we’re an established internet startup located in Ingolstadt, Germany. Our team of 70 has lovingly crafted a unique set of tools, that allow companies like Deutsche Bahn, Rossmann and Media-Saturn to manage their Social Media profiles with ease. This product is called SocialHub. Now we’re expanding our development team and we’re on the lookout for like-minded people, who can help us push our software to the next level!

Here at SocialHub, you would have the chance to work with a broad range of individuals. From business strategists to tech geeks, everyone has the freedom and support to be creative in whatever they do.
We are all different and work according to our own rhythm, but we are all united under our company philosophy: "We believe that work should be fun"!

NodeJS - Javascript
So far, we have engineered a really clever piece of software that's in daily use at some of the biggest and most advanced Social Media Teams in Germany and Europe.
Building on this success, we would like to find another smart, passionate and enthusiastic engineer to help us make our software even better for our customers!
If you are looking for a job in an established (but still growing) SaaS startup and you love to build software that’s both fun and easy to use, this could be it!

DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU?
You like writing automated tests so you notice regressions on your code early on
You love to see your users happy. Therefore you don’t hesitate to help clients if the need arises for solving bugs.
Using a DVCS like git comes natural to you
You appreciate constructive criticism and are able to provide such yourself when reviewing others code
You have a thing for documenting your work because you know your future self will appreciate it

WHAT OUR EMPLOYEES SAY
https://www.kununu.com/de/socialhub

YOUR REQUIREMENTS FOR THE JOB
At least 3 years working experience in a development team and experience in developing scalable web apps
Experience in building Node.js based APIs with Express.JS
Knowledge of common web security best practices (e.g. OWASP 10)
You are able to work and communicate with your teammates through our core hours (11am to 4pm german timezone)

THESE SKILLS WOULD BE BENEFICAL FOR YOU
You have experience with technologies like Redis, RabbitMQ and the ELK stack
Experience with non-relational databases
Knowledge of mongodb and its query syntax
You can analyze and resolve performance issues with mongodb queries and indices
You’ve worked with gitlab and gitlab ci before
Knowledge of the Social Network API’s e.g. Facebook, Twitter, etc.
You’ve run your own Web Server in the past and know your way around Linux

WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER
Flexible working hours and the possibility to work remotely.
An enthusiastic and friendly team in a productive working environment.
Varied and challenging activities in a constantly growing and future-oriented industry.
Great coaching and development opportunities. We have an annual budget for external training courses and conferences. We previously attended GitHub Universe in London and Amsterdam.
An afternoon each sprint (every 2 weeks) to work on something that interests you. Want to learn a new programming language? That’s fine by us. It doesn't have to be work-related. It’s there to help you expand your skill set and keep the creative juices flowing.
Always a cold Fritz-Kola in the fridge (if you decide to stop by our office).
Join us for whole company get-togethers. Our past retreats have been in Belgium, Prague & Spain. Our next one is in Portugal.

SOUNDS INTERESTING FOR YOU?

If that sounds like a dream job to you then send us your application.

Your application can be as short as you like it to be. It doesn’t have to be formal. We like to know what you have done so far, what you love to do and some links to projects you’ve done (e.g github link or similar).

Please tell us your availability and your salary expectation p.a..

Earliest possible starting date: asap

We are looking forward to meeting you!
Your SocialHub team