About the job
This is a great opportunity if you are a passionate engineer who pays attention to detail and has a solid experience in building distributed systems using microservices and Node.js.

You would join our experienced and international Geolocation team (3 backend + 1 product manager) working on highly efficient core microservices to empower customer feature oriented dev teams to build their functionality on top of it.

The team has a clear roadmap and ambitious goals for the upcoming year. They need your help to make that roadmap a reality.

🛵 Who we are

Getir is the pioneer of ultra-fast delivery. By bringing together great technology with a unique operational model, we were the first to introduce the concept of groceries being delivered to your door in minutes. Technology continues to be at the heart of our business as we expand across the globe.

Great technology is developed by great people, and that’s why we’re looking for talented technologists to join our team.

👍🏻 What You’ll Be Doing

Own a core part of Getir’s distributed microservices system
Develop highly efficient core microservices and follow industry standards, best practices and guidelines
Deploy new releases
Monitor, analyze and resolve technical and application issues
Bring new technology and ideas to the table with a focus on the team's roadmap
Influence cross team initiatives and mentor less experienced engineers

🛠 What You’ll Bring

Strong experience delivering production code for backend services in an Agile team
Solid understanding of microservices and experience in event-driven cloud architectures
Extensive experience with REST APIs, relevant standards and guidelines (Richardson Maturity Model, Open API, JSON Schema)
Solid experience working with Git version control system and CI/CD tools
AWS or other public cloud experience
Solid experience with Node.js as a main backend technology
Experience with MongoDB (or similar)
(Nice-to-have) Experience with RabbitMQ and/or Apache Kafka

Take a look at our Tech Stack: https://stackshare.io/getir/tech-stack
Curious about our Engineering Culture? Take a look: https://www.linkedin.com/company/getir/life/getirengineering/

You as a Getirian

You are a good person first, everything else is secondary. You are a champion of growth, and actively strive to be the best version of you, for yourself and your team. You value diversity, and embrace ideas over hierarchy. You aren't afraid to learn and re-learn at Getir speed. You are an initiator, in charge of your own story and your legacy.