About the job
Senior Software Engineer – Mobile SDK – Remote – Andoid/iOS
The role
Working as a Senior Mobile SDK Engineer you will be developing mobile SDKS from scratch for Android and iOS devices which will support the video games and you will be taking part in writing documentation.
You will be working closely with Back-end engineers to make the best SDK gaming data integrations. You will be building and writing reusable codes which you will need to test to make sure the code is efficient.
You will be working part of a small, disciplined team which consists of Front-end and Back-end Engineers, QA’s and product owners. You will be taking part in weekly stand-ups and sprints amongst your team of superstars.
Working as a Senior Mobile (iOS/Android) SDK Engineer you will be taking part in Unit-testing each code and you will be Bug fixing and improving the application for better performance.
About you
As a Senior Mobile SDK Engineer, you should experience coding on cross platforms with a native plugin and you should have over 5 years of practical mobile development. You must have experience with creating or maintaining SDKS. You should also have experience using Unity.
You should a be an excellent communicator who thrives to succeed and someone who always has an input in improving the product throughout the product life cycle. It will be fantastic if you are familiar with video games or have a good interest in the domain.
The Company
This well-funded company has unleashed a new ecosystem where businesses can experience management by enabling personalization optimized for better human potential and health. They work with best global leaders in the Gaming sector, were they main goal is to create and manage personalized experiences while obtaining a deeper level of understanding for their target audience through their AI platform. Helping gamers have the best experience, by understanding their needs and requirements.
They provide the best tools which empowers large organisations to have a better experience with their customers and end users.
This fantastic organisation is looking for a talented Senior iOS/Android Engineer to join their world-class team of designers, researchers, and engineers to build the best platform and product.
Location
Remote – GMT + 3
Salary
Working as a Senior Mobile SDK Engineer, you can earn a salary up to €90,000 per anumm.
Why you should join
Apart from being part of their exciting team, you will have the chance to work remotely from the comfort of your home or if you are based in Berlin, they have a beautiful office which you can work from.
You will have a flexible work schedule
You will be working with the latest technologies
You will receive holiday and sick pay
Interview Process
3 stages – Q & A conversation and Technical Discussion/Task, then cultural interview.
What you should do now?
If you are a Senior Mobile Engineer and this seems like a great job for you, click the link and send me your CV.
If you are a Senior Mobile Engineer have some questions, please call Maseeh at initi8 HQ.
If you are not the Senior Mobile JavaScript Engineer we need, but know someone who is why not refer them to us and earn a referral reward (10% of the fee) #BeTheAgent