About the job
ABOUT goodcarbon

The future of the planet relies on removing 50 gigatons of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year. Nature-based Solutions can help, but only if they get the funding they need. That’s where goodcarbon comes in.

goodcarbon is a digital investment and trading platform made in Germany. We empower conscious companies to conserve and restore nature by funding high-impact, verified Nature-based Solution projects in return for high-quality carbon credits.

This enables companies to meet sustainability targets and provides project owners with the funding they need to scale projects and make a climate, biodiversity, and community impact.
While we are headquartered in Berlin, Germany, goodcarbon benefits from the expertise of a network of partners and advisors from around the globe.

YOUR MISSION:

As a Senior Backend Developer at goodcarbon, you will build the central components that power our services for carbon capture project developers, the goodcarbon fundraising, marketplace, and portfolio optimization solutions.

To apply for this role you should be based in the European Union and ideally in Berlin

Define and develop APIs and microservices based on Kotlin and Spring Boot.
Build customer-facing and back-office web applications, and further build-out Nature-as-a-service.
Design highly scalable processes, systems, and services that work at millions of tons of CO2 sequestered.
Significant experience in software engineering with a focus on backend technologies and architecture.

WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:

We are now looking for support in our Tech department to help improve our products and platforms and set us up for even better scalable and secure infrastructure.

3+ years of professional experience in Java and/or Kotlin.
Experience using Spring Boot in a microservice environment.
Good understanding of RESTful API design patterns and event-driven architecture.
Hands-on experience in working with relational databases, preferably with PostgreSQL.
Passion for writing high-quality readable code.
Experience with containerization and container orchestration, preferably Docker and Kubernetes
You are well-organized with a high level of attention to detail and quality, always aiming for efficient execution of tasks.
The ideal candidate should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with constant change. The Tech development team uses Agile methodologies, which means communication and team collaboration skills are crucial for the role.
As a part of an international team, you’re fluent in English. German or any other language is a plus!

The team you will join is highly diverse, which means we converse in English and genuinely welcome people from all backgrounds. We foster a start-up attitude - as we are very much at the start of an exciting journey, which we will largely shape ourselves. We take ownership, we are entrepreneurial, we are driven, and we make a real positive impact on our planet.

Interested in joining our journey? If so, please apply, and let’s get to know each other.

PERKS AT GOODCARBON:
Hybrid work & Flexible Hours environment.
BVG Job Ticket.
Employee Benefits package & good competitive salary range.
30 vacation days.
Diverse and global team! Genuinely the nicest group of colleagues who will soon become friends.
A job with purpose, and the ability to fight climate change.
Instant gratification every day! Fast impact and the opportunity to change the game as you will be joining a new team.