About the job
We want to grow our team with more backend developers. Our current team consists of 1 full-time and two part-time developers who work with ASP.Net Core and Ruby on Rails. Our frontend teams consists of 2 full-time frontend developers along with one part-time working student. Our main customer is facilioo. We develop and maintain their products 'Hybride Eigentümerversammlung', which is a conferencing platform for property owners for their annual owners meetings, and the integration with DocuWare, which is a document management system with automation. We want to grow the team beginning from 1st of December 2022.

Your Projects
Most of our projects are within our niche domain of property management in Germany. Our customers are either startups or corps which develop solutions for the German property management market or property management companies itself. Since early 2021, we're developing multiple products for our strategic partner facilioo. You can check out the (German) website at https://versammlung.facilioo.de. Our main goals are to optimize and ease the process for property managers, who are in charge or managing the owner associations and to provide an easy user interface. Both property managers and owners should solely focus on the actual conference, as that is already stressful enough besides the new digital processes.

Your Responsibilities
You'll either work along with our other developers on a more recent project or you'll assist to work on the products of facilioo. In both cases, we do expect intermediate knowledge (2-4y) of professional software development, ideally with C# and ASP.Net Core. Although you'll work in a team with other developers, we do expect initiative to dive into the projects and new technologies. Experience with database and DevOps (CI/CD, Deployments) is highly appreciated.

Our Technology Stack
Our backends are either developed in .Net Core (ASP.Net Core & Entity Framework Core) and Ruby on Rails. Our frontend technology to go is Angular. Our local development setup is lean. We're using git and GitHub. Our applications are normally containerized for development using Docker & Docker Compose.

Our projects
We've gained a foothold in PropTech in the recent months. Along with our main customer facilioo, we've implemented a more complex privacy and security concept for their data, a video conferencing platform for digital owner meetings and integrated DocuWare for enhanced document management. Besides that, we're developing the customer app for one of the biggest property management companies in Germany, created a tool to import batch documents for deinverband.online and continued development of a platform for craftsmen for FRESCOLORI. Besides PropTech, we're invested in the health care business as we're maintaining the platform of drd doctors online, an Austrian-based telecmedicine platform for online consultations. We offer both consulting and development for our customers.

Benefits and Conditions
It's a full-time employment, therefore, 40h/week. We normally stick to regular working hours, but you're free to choose the times which work best for you. Our current dailes are at 10:45am CET. We're looking for 2-3 developers beginning from 1st of January 2023. You can either work in an office in Potsdam or Berlin, or you join us remote from anywhere in Europe. And last but not least, we're aiming for an agile development approach with frequent (every 2 weeks) releases and demos. We've got recurring 1on1's and retrospectives. And since November 2020 we've got workshops on a regular basis (roughly every four weeks) where team members talk about some of their expertise. Our most recent talks were about Git in Depth, Testing, Docker, Continous Integration, Best Practices in CSS, Vim or Operations besides Development.