About the job
Description

Take advantage of this unique opportunity to actively shape WorkMotion's growth story. As our Staff Engineer within our Payroll team, you’ll have the chance to experience a unique 360° perspective behind the curtains of a textbook hyper-growth scale-up.

What Your Team Will Look Like…

You will join one of our agile and cross functional engineering teams, focused on our Workmotion platform’s payroll domain. This involves collecting and processing data related to payroll and implementing integrations with other payroll providers. The payroll team also enables our clients to upload their employees’ payslips and automates the absences and time off requests. Our engineering teams provide the technology to extend our capabilities and celebrate wins in an agile environment.

Our Payroll team is diverse with employees working remotely from Germany, Egypt, Indonesia and Spain. The team includes Backend Engineers, Frontend Engineers, QA and Product managers and follows the scrum model (2 weekly sprints, daily standups, weekly refinements…ect)

What Your Tech Stack Will Look Like…

Languages: Java, JavaScript, CSS, React, TypeScript
Frameworks: Spring Boot, Hibernate, Redux
Databases: PostgreSQL, MongoDB
Cloud: AWS
Tools: Docker, Github, JIRA, Confluence

What You’ll Do…

Design and develop the necessary code and tests to implement the features/functions of the applications/services.
You will drive microservices architecture
You will implement and maintain features and projects related to our own case management application
Deliver high-quality software features that meet coding and design patterns best practices.
Follow DevOps best practices – including continuous integration and unit testing, You build it, you ship it.
You will contribute to requirement analysis, design and architecture decisions
Commitment to quality and timely delivery of assigned work products.
Conduct code reviews of work done by other engineers in the team.
Modify existing software applications with full competency.
Troubleshoot failures during testing, including reproducing faults, evaluating requirements, and documenting root cause analysis.

What We’re Looking For…

Proven working experience in Java development for at least 5 years
Solid understanding and experience in designing and building complex architecture
Knowledge of best practices of design patterns
Experience in system design
You have experience in JAVA, including Spring framework.
You're familiar with Test-driven development.
You have experience with relational databases e.g. PostgreSQL
You have experience with building API e.g. RESTful architecture
You have experience with the integration of applications, features, and APIs
You are ideally familiar with agile e.g. SCRUM or KANBAN
You love to get things done
Dev-ops experience is a big plus (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
Solid Infrastructure Experience is a big plus (AWS & DevOps)

What We Offer…

Opportunities to get to know some of your colleagues at our offices
Competitive salary
Merit-based culture with substantial growth opportunities
Trust-based work – organise your own schedule. We want to celebrate results, not hours spent working
Collaborative team culture where everyone's input is valued
Subsidised gym membership subscription and other benefits
Training and development allowance
Regular company and team events like Summer or Christmas parties, and more! (COVID permitting)
Some benefits may vary due to local law and regulations.

Who We Are…

We are a remote-first tech startup founded in 2020, offering an all-in-one HR-service to our clients, allowing them to hire the very best talent anywhere in the world (WorkGlobal). Additionally, our solution helps our clients become a company of choice, by enabling them to offer temporary employment to their employees through our easy to use WorkFlex product.

A stellar founding team is leading WorkMotion, backed by one of the most renowned early-stage investors in Europe. If you like to roll up your sleeves and get all in, we can do it and build the #futureofwork together! You will be part of our incredible intercultural team, based all over the world and have the chance to learn and grow alongside the company.

No matter what you look like, where you’re from or where you prefer to work, we encourage all to apply. We believe that the more diversified we are, the more we can revolutionise the working world!