About the job
Location : We are flexible! Come and join us either in Hamburg, Berlin or Barcelona or feel free to work 100% remotely in the EU*

FREE NOW empowers smarter mobility decisions helping people to move freely and cities to thrive.

Be ready to work in a multinational, diverse, highly motivated and collaborative team of passionate developers who strive for excellence and like to have fun. Are you ready for your next ride?

YOUR DAILY ADVENTURES WILL INCLUDE:

Our Mobility Super App has the broadest service portfolio and biggest fleet in Europe. A key component, and growth area, of this is our Multi Mobility offering. At the heart of this is the Booking Team which ensures that our customers can flawlessly book and complete rides across our many mobility types like e-scooters, e-bikes and car-sharing. As such we have numerous challenges that you will face on a day to day basis in order to provide these services which include supporting the integration of our partners and working in conjunction with them to provide the best user experience, whilst developing new and innovative features to help our customers to get from A to B.

As a backend engineer you will have a variety of projects and tasks to get your teeth into, from partner technical integrations to feature development. All of which will require your engagement with internal and external stakeholders and involvement across the full software development lifecycle, whilst being supported and guided by your more experienced colleagues.

Our Techstack : Java | Kotlin | AWS | Docker | Git | Kafka | ElasticSearch & more

TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE:

Enthusiasm for, and some experience in, software engineering in Kotlin or Java
Passionate about writing idiomatic and clean code
Keen about scalable web applications, such as RESTful API’s, dealing with transactions and resiliency
Familiar with test concepts in the whole software life cycle (unit / integration / system)
Experience with relational databases
The ability and enthusiasm to learn and contribute to our team.

BENEFITS & PERKS IN A NUTSHELL:

Fully remote* or hybrid working models
Free Udemy e-learning access
Sabbatical & special leave policies
Subsidised gym membership
Birthday, 24th + 31st December off
Partner product discounts
Mobility budget for FREE NOW App
Free language courses
Employee assistance program
Personal development budget

Plus more local benefits depending on your work location!

in one of the 10 countries where we have a legal entity: France, Spain, Germany, Austria, Portugal, Italy, UK, Ireland, Poland & Greece

DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION:

FREE NOW is an equal opportunity employer and we consider qualified applicants regardless of race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability or age.

We want you to grow and evolve, bring your true self to work .

SEE WHAT OUR AWESOME COLLEAGUES SAY ABOUT US: