About the job
We are a carefully assembled team of fearless technology nerds, straightforward and humorous problem solvers, reliable architects, smart strategists and passionate innovators.

Biting Bit offers individual software development and IT consulting. Our core business includes cross-sector and cross-domain mobile apps, web applications, IT systems and game applications, where the code adapts line by line to the requirements. To do this, we do not use templates or pre-programmed tools that can slow down or stop the systems, but state of the art technologies that promise quality and functionality. In addition to complex systems, we also create libraries and interfaces, enable the integration of third-party software and repair broken code. We also create outstanding user experiences in functional design for an efficient and intuitive use of the customised software solution.

We are currently looking for a Java Backend Developer (m/f/d) for our office in Berlin-Mitte.

Tasks
Develop, enhance and improve applications and interfaces
Contribute to the design of future customer projects
You can decide yourself in which areas you would like to work: conceptual design, selection and evaluation of suitable and new technologies, implementation or deployment and administration

Requirements
No matter what training or degree you have completed - it is important for us that you have experience and fun with Java development
Excellent skills in Java
Several years of experience in development with relational databases (e.g. MySQL)
Languages: business fluent German is required

Benefits
Working in a team of experts (this means further development for you and for us).
Permanent employment contract
Fair payment depending on experience and competence
First name culture on equal terms
Working equipment with the latest technology
Modern office space and free feel-good workplace design
Home office and flexible working hours
Garage parking space
7 sun terraces in the middle of Berlin
Free drinks & snacks and fresh smoothies
Team events, biting bit poker tournaments incl. challenge cup and joint barbecue evenings on our terraces

Get a first glimpse of us on Instagram: (at)bitingbit_berlin. We are looking forward to your application!