About the job
With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23+ years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.

Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. You’ll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAK's portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.

Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. You’ll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.

In This Role, You Will

At OpenTable, we take pleasure in Software Development. We believe that velocity comes from a commitment to clean code and solid engineering principles. We deliver innovative products through rapid, continuous development. Millions of diners and thousands of restaurants around the globe use our products. If you are excited by consistently challenging engineering processes and can deliver exceptional quality in a fast-paced, agile environment, we'd like to meet you. Bonus points if you love restaurants too!

You will be working on our flagship consumer iOS app, used by millions across the world, building new features, refining existing ones, fixing bugs and adding unit tests. Also on the menu are the usual refactoring of existing code to keep it current, writing tools that help us test and debug the app more easily.

You will enjoy working very closely with our designers and product managers, suggesting technical solutions to product problems, and being mentored by a stellar team of seasoned engineers.

Our team is cross-functional, co-located with product and design. We are a very lean team, moving fast and always on top of iOS updates – we are an Editor’s Choice app, routinely featured on stage by Apple at various keynotes and events. We have a passion for building great consumer products, with a great user experience.
This role can be fully remote anywhere in Germany***
Responsibilities
Implement new product features, working closely with designers and product managers
Maintain the existing codebase, adding unit tests, refactoring existing code as needed
Collaborate with backend teams, defining public APIs used by our apps
Please Apply If
1-2 years of experience in iOS development, familiar with Swift and/or Objective-C
Good communication skills
An appetite for learning and growing as an engineer
Backend experience is welcome, but not required
Benefits
Vacation: you accrue 30 days a year
2 Wedding Days Off and 1 Moving Day
One Celebration Day per calendar year
Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work.
Meals: 2x Lunch Catering in Office, 1x Brunch
Pension Scheme: Company pays 20% on top of the monthly contributions.
JobRad: bike leasing with tax benefits
Beer:30 Every Thursday starting 5:30pm (in office)
Monthly commuting subsidy
In-house gym
German Classes
Massages
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at OpenTable

OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.

We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

"Remote work allowed"