About the job
Senior / Lead Mobile Engineer - React Native

THE COMPANY

Through the power of AI and Machine Learning, this company has developed a number of data-driven tools and platforms aimed at delivering a transparent financial solution. Focusing purely on sustainable investment! If you want the leave the planet clean and beautiful for the next generation then you share the ethos of this company.

This company has development hubs in London and Frankfurt, you can choose to work from either one of these OR work remotely.

The group has 3 arms... soon to be 4!

A Data Provider: Assessing the performance and sustainability of companies worldwide.
AI: An advisory and technology company with an AI engineer for forecasting investment opportunities.
Asset Management: Investment management company investing in sustainable equities
We can't tell you the 4th one yet - this is the brand new product YOU will be building.

THE JOB

Develop React Native mobile applications for a brand-new, sustainability focussed product - NO LEGACY CODE!
Work on a brand new arm of the business - build it from the ground up! Be part of the small lineup of elite Software Engineers, ready to kick-start this product.
Include usability, edge cases, and general reliability in your Automated Tests.
Lead your Technical projects, have the freedom to govern your own tasks, and spend time on new developments and research.
An opportunity to gain exposure to and learn AI and ML.
Work in a position that allows you to make an impact on something new.
Work with a passionate and highly skilled tech team that will not only listen to your thoughts and ideas but actions them as well!
Tech Stack includes: React Native, TypeScript, React, Next.js, and more...
again... NO LEGACY CODE!

THE CANDIDATE

You are no stranger to both Native iOS and Hybrid App Development
Solid experience in React Native
Good understanding and belief in modern testing frameworks
Experience with Git for version control
You care about the quality of your code
Interested in the latest tech innovations in your area
You WANT to take on responsibility within a Greenfield Setup
If you are not interested in learning new things then please click off this job description!

THE OFFER

Open-ended salary range!! (Don't ask for a range - we won't give you one! They have stressed they will pay what it takes to bring the right people on board)
Fully Remote work if that is what you prefer
Stocks and Shares package
30 days paid holiday
The opportunity to create something new with a team of experts in their field
Take control of your own tasks and activities
Work in areas of R&D and cutting-edge tech
NO LEGACY CODE