About the job
Responsibilities
Develop the server-side application logic.
Evolve the business’s software applications using the latest software development infrastructure and methods.
Develop analytics of solutions in the software (observability) and maintain automated tests.
Conduct unit tests, code reviews and refactor source codes, assesses and improves software performance.
Write and document code that meets project standards to deliver the desired functionality aligned with the overall standards and guidelines.
Introduce new technologies and information to improve documentation practices, scalability, testing techniques and refactoring.

Requirements
Proficiency in Golang.
Familiarity with Linux based operating systems.
Basic knowledge of command line and Git Version System.
Understanding of Ruby to read Ruby code for reference.
Basic knowledge of Docker, Compose and Kubernetes is a plus.
Working knowledge of SQL.
Willingness to learn and work with new technologies (gRPC, graphQL).
Ability to illustrate difficult issues and complex relationships with an open and persuasive style of communication .
Fluency in English, written and spoken.

Good to know
This full-time position can be a permanent employment in Malta or Berlin, or on a freelance basis for contractors within the Central European Timezone +/-2.

Why Work for Booming Games

Founder led. Impact driven. Employee centric.

We come to the table with a compelling game offering for our clients. We are currently releasing an exciting game every 3 weeks, with aggressive plans to increase this to release a new game every 2 weeks. Using our cutting-edge technical expertise, we aim to shape this offering to have off-the-shelf games from which to take our pick from. We strive to establish a “one team” mentality with our internal clients, all working towards a common goal. We’re a multi-cultural and diverse team whose passions and strengths bring much joy into the work we do.

Our perks
We’re a 100% remote-first company, offering a best-in-class remote experience.
Competitive package.
Educational allowance per year.
Dog friendly offices in Berlin and Malta.
Family friendly policies.
Career growth opportunities.
Zestful working environment.
Knowledge sharing opportunities.
Dynamic culture surrounded by industry experts.
Company social events for team bonding.

Contact

Nicola